UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D. C. 20549

SCHEDULE
14A

Proxy
Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

(Amendment
No. )

Filed
by the Registrant ☒

Filed
by a Party other than the Registrant ☐

Check
the appropriate box:

  Preliminary Proxy Statement                                
  Confidential, for Use                                      
  Definitive Proxy Statement                                 
  Definitive Additional Materials                            
  Soliciting Material Under                                  

SBC
Medical Group Holdings Incorporated

(Name
of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)

(Name
of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)

Payment
of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply):

  No fee required                                                             
  Fee paid previously with                                                    
  Fee computed on table in                                                    

SBC
Medical Group Holdings Incorporated

200
Spectrum Center Drive, Suite 300Irvine, CA 92618

May
23, 2025

To
Our Stockholders:

You
are cordially invited to attend the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders of SBC Medical Group Holdings Incorporated to be held at 10:00
a. m. Japan Standard Time on Friday, June 13, 2025 (6:00 p. m. Pacific Time on Thursday, June 12, 2025).

We
have decided to hold this year’s annual meeting virtually via live webcast on the internet. We believe hosting a virtual annual
meeting enables greater stockholder attendance and participation from any location around the world, improves meeting efficiency and
our ability to communicate effectively with our stockholders, and reduces the cost and environmental impact of our annual meeting. You
will be able to attend the annual meeting, vote and submit your questions during the annual meeting by visiting www. virtualshareholdermeeting. com/SBC2025.
You will not be able to attend the annual meeting in person.

Details
regarding the meeting, the business to be conducted at the meeting, and information about SBC Medical Group Holdings Incorporated that
you should consider when you vote your shares are described in the accompanying proxy statement.

At
the annual meeting, five (5) persons will be elected to our board of directors. In addition, we will ask stockholders to ratify the appointment
of MaloneBailey, LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2025 and to amend and restate our Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “ Current Charter”) to declassify our
board of directors, such that the terms of all of the Company’s current directors will be converted into one year terms, ending
at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders. The board of directors recommends the approval of all of these proposals. Such other business
will be transacted as may properly come before the annual meeting.

Whether you plan to attend the annual meeting or not, it is important that you cast
your vote either in person or by proxy. You may vote over the Internet as well as by telephone or by mail. When you have finished reading
the proxy statement, you are urged to vote in accordance with the instructions set forth in the proxy statement. We encourage you to
vote by proxy so that your shares will be represented and voted at the meeting, whether or not you can attend.

Thank
you for your continued support of SBC Medical Group Holdings Incorporated.

  Sincerely,           
  /s/ Taiki Sakaguchi  
  Taiki Sakaguchi      
  Corporate Secretary  

SBC
Medical Group Holdings Incorporated

200
Spectrum Center Drive, Suite 300Irvine, CA 92618

May
23, 2025

NOTICE
OF 2025 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

TIME:
10:00 a. m. Japan Standard Time

DATE:
Friday, June 13, 2025

PLACE:
Virtual at www. virtualshareholdermeeting. com/SBC2025

PURPOSES:

1.
To elect two (2) directors to serve three (3) -

2.
To ratify the appointment of MaloneBailey, LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December
31, 2025;

3.
To adopt an amendment and restatement of our Current Charter, which will declassify our board of directors such that the terms of
all of the Company’s current directors will end at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders, and all director nominees will stand
for election annually at and after the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders; and

4.
To transact such other business that is properly presented at the annual meeting and any adjournments or postponements thereof.

WHO
MAY VOTE:

You
may vote if you were the record owner of SBC Medical Group Holdings, Inc. common stock at the close of business on April 21, 2025. A
list of stockholders of record will be available at the annual meeting and, during the 10 days prior to the annual meeting, at our principal
executive offices located at 200 Spectrum Center Drive, Suite 300, Irvine, CA 92618.

All
stockholders are cordially invited to attend the annual meeting. Whether you plan to attend the annual meeting or not, we urge you
to submit your proxy by the Internet, telephone or mail in order to ensure the presence of a quorum.

  BY ORDER OF             
  /s/ Taiki Sakaguchi     
  Taiki Sakaguchi         
  Corporate Secretary     

Explanatory
Note

We
were originally incorporated in Delaware on February 12, 2021 under the name “ Pono Capital Two, Inc.,” referred to herein
as “ Pono,” as a special purpose acquisition company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses.

On
January 31, 2023, Pono entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as subsequently amended from time to time, the “ Merger
Agreement”) with Pono Two Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ Merger Sub”) and then a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Pono, SBC Medical Group, Inc., then named SBC Medical Group Holdings Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (“ Legacy SBC”),
Mehana Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“ Sponsor” or “ Purchaser Representative”) in its capacity
as the representative of the stockholders of Pono, and Dr. Yoshiyuki Aikawa in his personal capacity and his capacity as the representative
of the stockholders of Legacy SBC (“ Seller Representative”).

On
September 17, 2024, the closing (the “ Closing”) of the merger (the “ Merger”) and other transactions contemplated
thereby (collectively, the “ Business Combination”) took place and the Merger was consummated with Merger Sub merging with
and into Legacy SBC with Legacy SBC surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pono, and Pono then changed its name to SBC
Medical Group Holdings Incorporated and on September 17, 2024, Legacy SBC changed its name to SBC Medical Group, Inc.

Effective
September 17, 2024, Pono’s units ceased trading, and effective September 18, 2024, SBC’s common stock began trading on the
Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “ SBC” and the public warrants began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the
symbol “ SBCWW.”

As
a result of the Closing of the Merger and the Business Combination, the business of SBC Medical Group, Inc. (“ Legacy SBC”),
became the business of the Company.

  i   

SBC
Medical Group Holdings Incorporated

200
Spectrum Center Drive, Suite 300Irvine, CA 92618

PROXY
STATEMENT FOR SBC MEDICAL GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.

2025
ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON JUNE 13, 2025

This
proxy statement, along with the accompanying notice of 2025 annual meeting of stockholders, contains information about the 2025 annual
meeting of stockholders of SBC Medical Group Holdings, Inc., including any adjournments or postponements of the annual meeting. We are
holding the annual meeting at 10:00 a. m. Japan Standard Time on Friday, June 13, 2025 (6:00 p. m. Pacific Time on Thursday, June 12, 2025),
virtually at www. virtualshareholdermeeting. com/SBC2025.

In
this proxy statement, we may refer to SBC Medical Group Holdings Incorporated as “ SBC Medical,” “the Company,”
“we” and “us.”

This
proxy statement relates to the solicitation of proxies by our board of directors for use at the annual meeting.

On
or about May 27, 2025, we intend to begin sending to our stockholders the proxy statement for our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders
and our 2024 annual report to stockholders.

   2  

IMPORTANT
NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THESTOCKHOLDER MEETING TO BE HELD ON JUNE 13, 2025

This
proxy statement, the notice of 2025 annual meeting of stockholders, our form of proxy card and our 2024 annual report to stockholders
are available for viewing, printing and downloading at www. proxyvote. com. To view these materials please have your 16-digit control
number(s) available that appears on your proxy card. On this website, you can also elect to receive future distributions of our proxy
statements and annual reports to stockholders by electronic delivery.

Additionally,
you can find a copy of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which includes our financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2024, on the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, at www. sec. gov or in the “ SEC Filings”
section of our website at https://ir. sbc-holdings. com/. You may also obtain a printed copy of our Annual Report on Form 10-K,
including our financial statements, free of charge, from us by sending a written request to: Corporate Secretary, SBC Medical Group Holdings
Incorporated, Shinjuku Island Tower 3F 6-5-1 Nishi-Shinjuku, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan 163-1303. Exhibits will be provided upon written
request and payment of an appropriate processing fee.

   3  

IMPORTANT
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING AND VOTING

Why
is the Company Soliciting My Proxy?

Our
board of directors is soliciting your proxy to vote at the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders to be held virtually, at 10:00 a. m. Japan
Standard Time on Friday, June 13, 2025 (6:00 p. m. Pacific Time on Thursday, June 12, 2025), and any adjournments or postponements of
the meeting, which we refer to as the annual meeting. This proxy statement, along with the accompanying notice of 2025 annual meeting
of stockholders, summarizes the purposes of the meeting and the information you need to know to vote at the annual meeting.

We
have sent you this proxy statement, the 2025 notice of annual meeting of stockholders, the proxy card and a copy of our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 because you owned shares of our common stock on the record date. We intend to
commence distribution of the proxy materials to stockholders on or about May 27, 2025.

Why
Are You Holding a Virtual Annual Meeting?

This
year’s annual meeting will be held in a virtual meeting format only. We have designed our virtual format to enhance, rather than
constrain, stockholder access, participation and communication. For example, the virtual format allows stockholders to communicate with
us in advance of, and during, the annual meeting so they can ask questions of our board of directors or management, as time permits.

How
Do I Access the Virtual Annual Meeting?

The
live webcast of the annual meeting will begin promptly at 10:00 a. m. Japan Standard Time. Online access to the audio webcast will open
15 minutes prior to the start of the annual meeting to allow time for you to log-in and test your device’s audio system. The virtual
annual meeting is running the most updated version of the applicable software and plugins. You should ensure you have a strong Internet
connection wherever you intend to participate in the annual meeting. You should also allow plenty of time to log in and ensure that you
can hear streaming audio prior to the start of the annual meeting.

Log-in
Instructions. To be admitted to the virtual annual meeting, you will need to log-in at www. virtualshareholdermeeting. com/SBC2025 using
the 16-digit control number found on the proxy card or voting instruction card previously mailed or made available to stockholders entitled
to vote at the annual meeting.

Will
I be Able to Ask Questions and Have These Questions Answered During the Virtual Annual Meeting?

Stockholders
may submit questions for the annual meeting after logging in. If you wish to submit a question, you may do so by logging into the virtual
meeting platform at www. virtualshareholdermeeting. com/SBC2025, typing your question into the ‘‘ Ask a Question” field,
and clicking ‘‘ Submit.” Please submit any questions before the start time of the meeting.

Appropriate
questions related to the business of the annual meeting (the proposals being voted on) will be answered during the annual meeting, subject
to time constraints. Any such questions that cannot be answered during the annual meeting due to time constraints will be posted and
answered at https://ir. sbc-holdings. com/

What
Happens if There Are Technical Difficulties during the Annual Meeting?

Beginning
15 minutes prior to, and during, the annual meeting, we will have technicians ready to assist you with any technical difficulties you
may have accessing the virtual annual meeting, voting at the annual meeting or submitting questions at the annual meeting. If you encounter
any difficulties accessing the virtual annual meeting during the check-in or meeting time, please call the number that will be posted
at www. virtualshareholdermeeting. com/SBC2025.

   4  

Who
May Vote?

Only
stockholders of record at the close of business on April 21, 2025 will be entitled to vote at the annual meeting. On this record date,
there were 103,611,251 shares of our common stock outstanding (deducting treasury stock) and entitled to vote. Our common stock is our
only class of voting stock.

If
on April 21, 2025 your shares of our common stock were registered directly in your name with our transfer agent, Continental Stock Transfer
& Trust Company, then you are a stockholder of record.

If
on April 21, 2025 your shares were held, not in your name, but rather in an account at a brokerage firm, bank, dealer or other similar
organization, then you are the beneficial owner of shares held in “street name” and our proxy materials are being forwarded
to you by that organization. The organization holding your account is considered to be the stockholder of record for purposes of voting
at the annual meeting. As a beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker or other agent regarding how to vote the shares
in your account. You are also invited to attend the annual meeting. However, since you are not the stockholder of record, you may not
vote your shares at the annual meeting unless you request and obtain a valid proxy from your broker or other agent.

You
do not need to attend the annual meeting to vote your shares. Shares represented by valid proxies, received in time for the annual meeting
and not revoked prior to the annual meeting, will be voted at the annual meeting. For instructions on how to change or revoke your proxy,
see “ May I Change or Revoke My Proxy?

How
Many Votes Do I Have?

Each
share of our common stock that you own entitles you to one vote.

How
Do I Vote?

Whether
you plan to attend the annual meeting or not, we urge you to vote by proxy. All shares represented by valid proxies that we receive through
this solicitation, and that are not revoked, will be voted in accordance with your instructions on the proxy card or as instructed via
the Internet or telephone. You may specify whether your shares should be voted for, against or abstain for each nominee for director,
and whether your shares should be voted for, against or abstain with respect to the other proposals. If you properly submit a proxy without
giving specific voting instructions, your shares will be voted in accordance with our board of directors’ recommendations as noted
below. Voting by proxy will not affect your right to attend the annual meeting.

If
your shares are registered directly in your name through our stock transfer agent, Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, or
you have stock certificates registered in your name, you may vote:

  By                                                                                    

  By                                                                                         

Telephone
and Internet voting facilities for stockholders of record will be available 24 hours a day and will close at 11:59 a. m. Eastern Time
on June 12, 2025.

If
your shares are held in “street name” (held in the name of a bank, broker or other holder of record), you will receive instructions
from the holder of record. You must follow the instructions of the holder of record in order for your shares to be voted. Telephone and
Internet voting also will be offered to stockholders owning shares through certain banks and brokers. If your shares are not registered
in your own name and you plan to vote your shares in person at the annual meeting, you should contact your broker or agent to obtain
a legal proxy or broker’s proxy card and bring it to the annual meeting in order to vote.

   5  

How
Does the Board of Directors Recommend that I Vote on the Proposals?

Our
board of directors recommends that you vote as follows:

  “ FOR ”                                     

  “ FOR ”                                                                                        
  the ratification of the appointment of MaloneBailey, LLP as our independent registered public  
  accounting firm for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2025; and                              
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

  “ FOR ”                                                                                                    

If
any other matter is presented at the annual meeting, your proxy provides that your shares will be voted by the proxy holder listed in
the proxy in accordance with the proxy holder’s best judgment. At the time this proxy statement was first made available, we knew
of no matters that needed to be acted on at the annual meeting, other than those discussed in this proxy statement.

May
I Change or Revoke My Proxy?

If
you give us your proxy, you may change or revoke it at any time before the annual meeting. You may change or revoke your proxy in any
one of the following ways:

  if                                                                                             

  by                                                          

  by                                                                                  

  by                                                                                          

Your
most current vote, whether by telephone, Internet or proxy card is the one that will be counted.

What
if I Receive More Than One Proxy Card?

You
may receive more than one proxy card if you hold shares of our common stock in more than one account, which may be in registered form
or held in street name. Please vote in the manner described above under “ How Do I Vote?” for each account to ensure that
all of your shares are voted.

Will
My Shares be Voted if I Do Not Vote?

If
your shares are registered in your name or if you have stock certificates, they will not be counted if you do not vote as described above
under “ How Do I Vote?” If your shares are held in street name and you do not provide voting instructions to the bank, broker
or other nominee that holds your shares as described above, the bank, broker or other nominee that holds your shares has the authority
to vote your unvoted shares only on the ratification of the appointment of our independent registered public accounting firm (Proposal
2 of this proxy statement) without receiving instructions from you. Therefore, we encourage you to provide voting instructions to your
bank, broker or other nominee. This ensures your shares will be voted at the annual meeting and in the manner you desire. A “broker
non-vote” will occur if your broker cannot vote your shares on a particular matter because it has not received instructions from
you and does not have discretionary voting authority on that matter or because your broker chooses not to vote on a matter for which
it does have discretionary voting authority.

   6  

What
Vote is Required to Approve Each Proposal and How are Votes Counted?

  Proposal                                                                                                               The                                                                                                                          
  1: Elect Directors                                                                                                     nominees for director will be elected by the affirmative vote of a plurality of the                                          
                                                                                                                         votes cast by the stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the                                              
                                                                                                                         meeting and entitled to vote thereon. The nominees receiving                                                                 
                                                                                                                         the most “ For” votes will be elected as directors. You may either:                                                          
                                                                                                                         (i) vote FOR both nominees; (ii) vote FOR one of the nominees and WITHHOLD your vote from                                    
                                                                                                                         the other nominee; or (iii) WITHHOLD your vote from both nominees. Abstentions will have no effect                           
                                                                                                                         on the results of this vote. Brokerage firms do not have authority to vote customers’                                        
                                                                                                                         unvoted shares held by the firms in street name for the election of the directors. As a result,                              
                                                                                                                         any shares not voted by a customer will be treated as a broker non-vote. Such broker non-votes                               
                                                                                                                         will have no effect on the results of this vote.                                                                             
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Proposal                                                                                                               The                                                                                                                          
  Proposal                                                                                                               The                                                                                                                          

Where
Can I Find the Voting Results of the Annual Meeting?

The
preliminary voting results will be announced at the annual meeting, and we will publish preliminary, or final results if available, in
a Current Report on Form 8-K within four business days of the annual meeting. If final results are unavailable at the time we file the
Form 8-K, then we will file an amended report on Form 8-K to disclose the final voting results within four business days after the final
voting results are known.

What
Are the Costs of Soliciting these Proxies?

We
will pay all of the costs of soliciting these proxies. Our directors and employees may solicit proxies in person or by telephone, fax
or email. We will pay these employees and directors no additional compensation for these services. We will ask banks, brokers and other
institutions, nominees and fiduciaries to forward these proxy materials to their principals and to obtain authority to execute proxies.
We will then reimburse them for their expenses.

What
Constitutes a Quorum for the Annual Meeting?

The
presence, in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of our common stock entitled
to vote at the annual meeting is necessary to constitute a quorum at the annual meeting. Votes of stockholders of record who are present
at the annual meeting in person or by proxy, abstentions, and broker non-votes are counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum
exists.

   7  

Attending
the Annual Meeting

This
year, our annual meeting will be held in a virtual meeting format only. To attend the virtual annual meeting, go to www. virtualshareholdermeeting. com/SBC2025 www. virtualshareholdermeeting. com/SBC2025

Householding
of Annual Disclosure Documents

Some
brokers or other nominee record holders may be sending you a single set of our proxy materials if multiple SBC Medical Group Holdings
stockholders live in your household. This practice, which has been approved by the SEC, is called “householding.” Once you
receive notice from your broker or other nominee record holder that it will be “householding” our proxy materials, the practice
will continue until you are otherwise notified or until you notify them that you no longer want to participate in the practice. Stockholders
who participate in householding will continue to have access to and utilize separate proxy voting instructions.

We
will promptly deliver a separate copy of our proxy materials to you if you write to our Corporate Secretary at: Shinjuku Island Tower
3F 6-5-1 Nishi-Shinjuku, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan 163-1303. If you want to receive your own set of our proxy materials in the future
or, if you share an address with another stockholder and together both of you would like to receive only a single set of proxy materials,
you should contact your broker or other nominee record holder directly or you may contact us at the above address.

Electronic
Delivery of Company Stockholder Communications

Most
stockholders can elect to view or receive copies of future proxy materials over the Internet instead of receiving paper copies in the
mail.

You
can choose this option and save us the cost of producing and mailing these documents by:

  following                                      

  following                                                      

  going                                                                        

   8  

MANAGEMENT

Our
directors hold office until his or her term expires at the next annual meeting of stockholders for such director’s class or until
his or her death, resignation, removal or the earlier termination of his or her term of office. If Proposal 3 (relating to the declassification
of our board of directors) is approved at the 2025 annual meeting, all of our directors, including the members of the class to be elected
at the 2025 annual meeting, will serve only until the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders, at which point they may be renominated for
a further one year term. Biographical information concerning our directors and executive officers is set forth below.

Board
of Directors

The
Company’s board of directors consists of five (5) individuals, a majority of whom are independent directors in accordance with
Nasdaq requirements. The directors serve until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified, or until their earlier death,
disqualification, resignation, or removal. The Company’s board is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors
being elected in each year. The classes of the board are composed as follows: Class I - Ken Edahiro and Mike Sayama, to hold office
until the fiscal 2024 annual meeting of stockholders; Class II - Fumitoshi Fujiwara and Yuya Yoshida, to hold office until the
fiscal 2025 annual meeting of stockholders; and Class III - Yoshiyuki Aikawa, to hold office until the fiscal 2026 annual meeting
of stockholders. If Proposal 3 (relating to the declassification of our board of directors) is approved at the 2025 annual meeting, all
of our directors, including the members of the class to be elected at the 2025 annual meeting, will serve only until the 2026 annual
meeting of stockholders, at which point they may be renominated for a further one year term. Each of Ken Edahiro, Mike Sayama, and Fumitoshi
Fujiwara qualify as an independent director under Nasdaq listing standards. On September 17, 2024, the Company entered into indemnification
agreements with each of its directors containing provisions which are in some respects broader than the specific indemnification provisions
contained in the Delaware General Corporation Law. The indemnification agreements will require the Company, among other things, to indemnify
its directors against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors and to advance their expenses
incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified.

Meeting
Attendance.,

Director
Independence

Under
the listing requirements and rules of Nasdaq, independent directors must comprise a majority of a listed company’s board of directors
and of certain board committees. The Company’s board of directors consists of five (5) individuals, a majority of whom are independent
directors in accordance with Nasdaq requirements.

Committees
of the Board of Directors

The
Company’s board of directors has the authority to appoint committees to perform certain management and administration functions.
The Company’s board of directors has established an audit committee, a compensation committee, and a nominating and corporate governance
committee. The composition and responsibilities of each committee are described below. Members will serve on these committees until their
resignation or until otherwise determined by the board of directors. The charters for each of these committees are available on the Company’s
website at https://sbc-holdings. com/

Audit
Committee

The
audit committee of the board of directors of the Company consists of Messrs. Ken Edahiro, Mike Sayama, and Fumitoshi Fujiwara. The Company’s
board of directors has determined each member of this committee is independent under the Nasdaq listing standards and Rule 10A-3(b)(1)
under the Exchange Act. Our audit committee met three (3) times during fiscal year 2024. The chairperson of the audit committee is Mr.
Fujiwara. Mr. Fujiwara also qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5)
of Regulation S-K and possesses financial sophistication, as defined under the rules of Nasdaq.

   9  

The
primary purpose of the audit committee is to discharge the responsibilities of the board of directors with respect to our accounting,
financial, and other reporting and internal control practices and to oversee our independent registered accounting firm. Specific responsibilities
of our audit committee include:

  selecting a qualified firm                                                                                                                    
  helping to ensure the independence                                                                                                            
  discussing the scope and                                                                                                                      
  developing                                                                                                                                    
  reviewing                                                                                                                                     
  reviewing                                                                                                                                     
  obtaining                                                                                                                                     
  approving                                                                                                                                     

Please
also see the report of the audit committee set forth elsewhere in this proxy statement.

Compensation
Committee

The
compensation committee consists of Messrs. Ken Edahiro, Mike Sayama, and Fumitoshi Fujiwara. The Company’s board of directors has
determined each member of this committee is a “non-employee director” as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange
Act. The chairperson of the compensation committee is Fumitoshi Fujiwara. The primary purpose of the compensation committee is to discharge
the responsibilities of the board of directors to oversee its compensation policies, plans and programs and to review and determine the
compensation to be paid to its executive officers, directors and other senior management, as appropriate. Our compensation committee
met three (3) times during fiscal year 2024.

Specific
responsibilities of the compensation committee include:

  reviewing and approving on                                                                                                               
  reviewing and approving the                                                                                                              
  reviewing and recommending                                                                                                               
  reviewing the Company’s                                                                                                                  
  reviewing and approving,                                                                                                                 
  administering the Company’s                                                                                                              
  selecting independent compensation                                                                                                       
  assisting management in complying                                                                                                        
  if required, producing a                                                                                                                 
  reviewing and establishing                                                                                                               
  reviewing the Company’s                                                                                                                  

The
compensation committee has adopted the following processes and procedures for the consideration and determination of executive and director
compensation:

  10  

Executive
Compensation Philosophy and Objectives

Our
executive compensation program is designed to:

  attract,                                                                                  

  provide                                                                                        

  effectively                                                                                            

Generally,
we structure the annual compensation of our named executive officers using two principal elements: (1) base salary and (2) long-term
incentive compensation opportunities in the form of equity awards. The design of our executive compensation program is influenced by
a variety of factors, with the primary goals being to align the interests of our named executive officers and stockholders and to link
pay to performance.

We
have not adopted policies or employed guidelines for allocating compensation between current and long-term compensation, between cash
and non-cash compensation, or among different forms of non-cash compensation.

Compensation-Setting
Process

Role
of Compensation Committee and Board of Directors

The
compensation committee discharges the responsibilities of our Board of Directors relating to the compensation of our named executive
officers as set forth in its charter and reports to our Board of Directors on its discussions, decisions, recommendations, and other
actions. Generally, the compensation committee makes recommendations to our Board of Directors regarding the compensation for each named
executive officer, including the CEO. Our Board of Directors generally makes all final decisions regarding the compensation of the CEO
and other named executive officers.

The
compensation committee has overall responsibility for overseeing our compensation and benefits policies generally, and overseeing and
evaluating the compensation plans, policies, and practices applicable to the CEO and other named executive officers. In carrying out
its responsibilities, the compensation committee evaluates our compensation policies and practices with a focus on the degree to which
these policies and practices reflect our executive compensation philosophy, develops strategies and makes decisions that it believes
further our philosophy or align with developments in best compensation practices, and considers the performance of our named executive
officers, including through formal performance reviews of each of the CEO and other named executive officers, when formulating recommendations
or making decisions with respect to their compensation.

Setting
Target Total Direct Compensation

The
compensation committee reviews the annual base salary levels and long-term incentive compensation opportunities of our named executive
officers.

The
compensation committee does not establish a specific target for formulating its recommendations about the target total direct compensation
opportunities of our named executive officers. Instead, the members of the compensation committee rely primarily on their general experience,
business judgment and subjective considerations of various factors, our executive compensation program objectives, past and expected
future company and individual performance, the executive officer’s role and responsibilities within the organization and expected
contributions to the company, internal equity among the members of the executive team, compensation practices of our compensation peer
group and/or selected broad-based compensation surveys, and the recommendations of the CEO (other than with respect to his own compensation).

These
factors provide the framework for compensation decision-making and final decisions regarding the compensation opportunity for each named
executive officer. No single factor is determinative in setting compensation levels, nor is the impact of any individual factor on the
determination of pay levels quantifiable.

The
compensation committee does not weight these factors in any predetermined manner, nor does it apply any formulas in developing its compensation
recommendations or decisions.

The
compensation committee does not engage in formal benchmarking against other companies’ compensation programs or practices to establish
our compensation levels or make specific compensation decisions with respect to our named executive officers. Instead, in making its
determinations, the compensation committee reviews information summarizing the compensation paid at a representative group of peer companies
and more broad-based compensation surveys to gain a general understanding of market compensation levels.

  11  

Role
of Management

In
discharging its responsibilities, the compensation committee works with members of our management.

Our
management assists the compensation committee by providing information on corporate and individual performance, market compensation data,
and management’s perspective on compensation matters. The compensation committee solicits and reviews proposals from the CEO with
respect to program structures, as well as his recommendations for adjustments to annual base salaries, long-term incentive compensation
opportunities, and other compensation-related matters for our named executive officers (except with respect to his own compensation)
based on our management’s and the CEO’s evaluation of our other named executive officers’ performance for the prior
year.

Our
management make their recommendations regarding annual base salaries and long-term incentive compensation opportunities for our other
named executive officers based on such factors as the CEO deems relevant, such as the company’s overall performance and expected
trajectory, the contributions toward these results, and anticipated future contributions, the named executive officer’s role and
performance of his or her duties, and his or her achievement of individual goals, retention considerations, and internal equity considerations.

The
compensation committee reviews and discusses management proposals and recommendations with them when appropriate and considers their
proposals and recommendations as one factor in formulating its recommendations for the compensation of our named executive officers,
including the CEO. The CEO attends meetings of our Board of Directors and the compensation committee at which executive compensation
matters are addressed, except with respect to discussions involving his own compensation.

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee

The
nominating and corporate governance committee of the Company’s board of directors consists of Messrs. Ken Edahiro, Mike Sayama,
and Fumitoshi Fujiwara. The Company’s board of directors has determined each member of this committee is independent under Nasdaq
listing standards. The chairperson of the nominating and corporate governance committee is Mr. Fumitoshi Fujiwara.

Specific
responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance committee include:

● identifying, evaluating and selecting, or recommending that the Company’s board of directors approve, nominees for election to the Company’s board of directors;

● evaluating the performance of the Company’s board of directors and of individual directors;

● reviewing developments in corporate governance practices;

● evaluating the adequacy of the Company’s corporate governance practices and reporting;

● reviewing management succession plans; and

● developing and making recommendations to the Company’s board of directors regarding corporate governance guidelines and matters.

Generally,
our nominating committee considers candidates recommended by stockholders as well as from other sources such as other directors or officers,
third party search firms or other appropriate sources. Once identified, the nominating committee will evaluate a candidate’s qualifications.
Threshold criteria include: personal integrity and sound judgment, business and professional skills and experience, independence, knowledge
of our industry, possible conflicts of interest, the extent to which the candidate would fill a present need on our board of directors,
and concern for the long-term interests of our stockholders. Our nominating committee has not adopted a formal diversity policy in connection
with the consideration of director nominations or the selection of nominees. However, the nominating committee will consider issues of
diversity among its members in identifying and considering nominees for director, and strive where appropriate to achieve a diverse balance
of backgrounds, perspectives, experience, age, gender, ethnicity and country of citizenship on our board of directors and its committees.

  12  

If
a stockholder wishes to propose a candidate for consideration as a nominee for election to our board of directors, it must follow the
procedures described in our Bylaws and in “ Stockholder Proposals and Nominations for Director” at the end of this proxy statement.
Any such recommendations should be made in writing to the nominating committee, care of our Corporate Secretary at our principal office
and should be accompanied by the following information concerning each recommending stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on
whose behalf the nomination is made:

  all                                                                                               

  certain                                                                                      

  a                                                                                              

  a                                                                                                

The
recommendation must also be accompanied by the following information concerning the proposed nominee:

  certain                                                    

  all                                                                                       

  certain                                                                                        

  a                                                                                               

  additional                                                                                      

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics

The
Company adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of its employees, officers and directors, including those officers
responsible for financial reporting. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on the Company’s website at https://sbc-holdings. com/

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

No
member of the Company’s compensation committee has ever been an officer or employee of the Company. None of Company’s executive
officers serve, or have served during the last year, as a member of the board of directors, compensation committee, or other board committee
performing equivalent functions of any other entity that has one or more executive officers serving as one of our directors or on the
Company’s compensation committee.

Policy on Insider Trading

We have adopteda Policy on Insider Trading that
governs the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of our securities by our directors, officers, and employees, that is reasonably
designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and any applicable Nasdaq listing standards. Furthermore,
it is also the policy of the Company that it will not engage in transactions in securities of the Company while aware of material non-public
information relating to the Company or its securities.

Implications
of Being a Controlled Company

The
Company is a “controlled company” within the meaning of the applicable rules of Nasdaq and, as a result, we qualify for exemptions
from certain corporate governance requirements. If the Company relies on these exemptions, its stockholders will not have the same protections
afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to such requirements. Dr. Yoshiyuki Aikawa controls approximately 89.45%

  that a majority of the board                                                                                                              
  for an annual performance                                                                                                                 
  that the controlled company                                                                                                               
  that the controlled company                                                                                                               

While
the Company does not intend to rely on these exemptions, the Company may use these exemptions now or in the future. As a result, the
Company’s stockholders may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements.

  13  

EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION

Summary
Compensation Table

The
following table presents information regarding the compensation paid by SBC Medical Group Co., Ltd. (“ SBC-Japan”), our operating
subsidiary, to Yoshiyuki Aikawa, our Chief Executive Officer, Yuya Yoshida, our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer,
and Ryoji Murata, our Chief Accounting Officer, for services rendered to SBC-Japan during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and
2023. We refer to these individuals as our “named executive officers.” No other executive officers received total compensation
in excess of US$100,000.

  Name                                                 Year                                  
  and Position                                                                               
  Yoshiyuki                                            2024      14,506,032      14,506,032  
  Aikawa                                                                                     
  Chief                                                2023      17,078,678      17,078,678  
  Executive Officer (principal executive officer)                                            
  Yuya                                                 2024         304,404         304,404  
  Yoshida (1)                                                                                
  Chief                                                2023         159,215         159,215  
  Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer                                              
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Ryoji                                                2024         136,990         136,990  
  Principal                                            2023         136,990         136,990  

  (1)      Mr.                                                                                                                                
           Yoshida has served as our Chief Operating Officer and member of the Board of Directors since September 29, 2023, and as our Chief  
           Financial Officer since April 1, 2025.                                                                                             
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Executive
Employment Agreements

The
Company has entered into employment agreements (the “ Employment Agreements”) with Dr. Yoshiyuki Aikawa (Chief Executive Officer)
Yuya Yoshida (Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer), Ryoji Murata (Chief Accounting Officer), and Ms. Miki (Shimizu) Yamazaki
(Chief Strategy Officer).

The
Employment Agreements all provide for at-will employment that may be terminated by the Company for death or disability and with or without
cause, by the executive with or without good reason, or mutually terminated by the parties. The Employment Agreements for Dr. Aikawa,
Messrs. Yoshida, and Murata, and Ms. Yamazaki provide for a severance payment equal to the remaining base salary for the remaining period
of the respective term of employment (each term is one (1) year) upon termination by the Company without cause or termination by such
executive for good reason. The executive agreements provide for an annual base salary of $12,000,000, $306,407, $136,990, and $26,462
for Dr. Aikawa, Messrs. Yoshida, and Murata, and Ms. Yamazaki, respectively, as well as possible annual performance bonuses and equity
grants under the equity incentive plan if and when determined by the Company’s Compensation Committee.

Provisions
Applicable to All Executive Employment Agreements

Each
of the Executive Employment Agreements described above, has an initial term of 1 year, provided that the term of each agreement will
automatically be extended for one or more additional terms of one year each unless either the Company or applicable executive provides
notice to the other of their desire to not so renew the initial term or renewal term (as applicable) at least 30 days prior to the expiration
of then-current initial term or renewal term (as applicable). Each of the agreements provide that the applicable executive’s employment
with the Company shall be “at will,” meaning that either applicable executive or the Company may terminate the applicable
executive’s employment at any time and for any reason, subject to the other provisions of the agreement.

  14  

Each
of the agreements may be terminated by the Company, either with or without “ Cause”, or by the applicable executive, either
with or without “ Good Reason”.

For
purposes of each agreement, “ Cause” means:

●
a violation of any material written rule or policy of the Company for which violation any employee may be terminated pursuant to the
written policies of the Company reasonably applicable to an executive employee;

● misconduct by the applicable executive to the material detriment of the Company;

●
the applicable executive’s conviction (by a court of competent jurisdiction, not subject to further appeal) of, or pleading
guilty to, a felony;

●
the applicable executive’s gross negligence in the performance of the applicable executive’s duties and responsibilities
to the Company as described in this Agreement; or

●
the applicable executive’s material failure to perform the applicable executive’s duties and responsibilities to the
Company as described in the agreement (other than any such failure resulting from the applicable executive’s incapacity due to
physical or mental illness or any such failure subsequent to the applicable executive being delivered a notice of termination
without Cause by the Company or delivering a notice of termination for Good Reason to the Company), in either case after written
notice from the Board to the applicable executive of the specific nature of such material failure and the applicable
executive’s failure to cure such material failure within 10 days following receipt of such notice.

For
purposes of each agreement, “ Good Reason” means:

●
at any time following a Change of Control (as defined below), a material diminution by the Company of compensation and benefits
(taken as a whole) provided to the applicable executive immediately prior to a Change of Control;

●
a reduction in base salary or target or maximum bonus, other than as part of an across-the-board reduction in salaries of management
personnel;

●
the relocation of the applicable executive’s principal executive office to a location more than 50 miles further from the
applicable executive’s principal executive office immediately prior to such relocation; or

●
a material breach by the Company of any of the terms and conditions of the agreement which the Company fails to correct within 10
days after the Company receives written notice from the applicable executive of such violation.

For
purposes of each agreement a “ Change of Control” of the Company will be deemed to have occurred if, after the effective date
of the applicable agreement, (i) the beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of securities representing
more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Company is acquired by any “person” as defined in sections 13(d) and 14(d)
of the Exchange Act (other than the Company, any subsidiary of the Company, or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under
an employee benefit plan of the Company), (ii) the merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation where the
stockholders of the Company, immediately prior to the consolidation or merger, would not, immediately after the consolidation or merger,
beneficially own (as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, shares representing in the aggregate
50% or more of the combined voting power of the securities of the corporation issuing cash or securities in the consolidation or merger
(or of its ultimate parent corporation, if any) in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the Company immediately prior
to such merger or consolidation, or (iii) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets to
an entity, other than a sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets to an entity, at
least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are owned directly or indirectly by stockholders of the Company,
immediately prior to the sale or disposition, in substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the Company immediately prior
to such sale or disposition.

  15  

In
the event that the Company terminates the term of the applicable agreement or the applicable executive’s employment with Cause,
or if the applicable executive terminates their agreement without good reason, then, subject to any other agreements between the company
with respect to other equity grants made to such executive:

●
the Company will pay to the applicable executive any unpaid base salary and benefits then owed or accrued, and any unreimbursed
expenses;

●
any unvested portion of any equity granted to the applicable executive under the applicable agreement or any other agreements with
the Company will immediately be forfeited; and

●
all of the parties’ rights and obligations under the agreement will cease, other than those rights or obligations which arose
prior to the termination date or in connection with such termination, and subject to the survival provisions of the
agreements.

In the event that the Company terminates the term of the applicable agreement or the applicable executive’s employment without Cause, or if the applicable executive terminates their agreement with good reason, then, subject to any other agreements between the company with respect to other equity grants made to such executive:

● the Company will pay to the applicable executive any base salary, bonuses, and benefits then owed or accrued, and any unreimbursed expenses;

● the Company will pay to the applicable executive, in one lump sum, an amount equal to the base salary that would have been paid to the applicable executive for the remainder of the initial term of the applicable agreement (if the termination occurs during the initial term of the applicable agreement) or renewal term of the applicable agreement (if the termination occurs during a renewal term of the applicable agreement);

● any unvested portion of any equity granted to the applicable executive under the applicable agreement or any other agreements with the Company will, to the extent not already vested, be deemed automatically vested; and

● all of the parties’ rights and obligations under the agreement will cease, other than those rights or obligations which arose prior to the termination date or in connection with such termination, and subject to the survival provisions of the agreements.

In
the event of the applicable executive’s death or total disability during the term of the applicable agreement, the term of the
applicable agreement and the applicable executive’s employment shall terminate on the date of death or total disability. In the
event of such termination, the Company’s sole obligations hereunder to the applicable executive (or the applicable executive’s
estate) shall be for unpaid base salary, accrued but unpaid bonus and benefits (then owed or accrued and owed in the future), a pro-rata
bonus for the year of termination based on the applicable executive’s target bonus for such year and the portion of such year in
which the applicable executive was employed, and reimbursement of expenses pursuant to the terms hereon through the effective date of
termination, and any unvested portion of any equity granted to the applicable executive under the applicable agreement or any other agreements
with the Company will immediately be forfeited as of the termination date.

In
the event that the term of the applicable agreement is not renewed by either party, any unvested portion of any equity granted to the
applicable executive under the applicable agreement or any other agreements with the Company will immediately be forfeited as of the
expiration of the term of the applicable agreement without any further action of the parties.

If
it is determined that any payment provided to the applicable executive under the applicable agreement or otherwise, whether or not in
connection with a Change of Control (a “ Payment”), would constitute an “excess parachute payment” within the
meaning of section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “ Code”), such that the Payment would be subject
to an excise tax under section 4999 of the Code (the “ Excise Tax”), the Company will pay to the applicable executive an additional
amount (the “ Gross-Up Payment”) such that the net amount of the Gross-Up Payment retained by the applicable executive after
the payment of any Excise Tax and any federal, state and local income and employment tax on the Gross-Up Payment, shall be equal to the
Excise Tax due on the Payment and any interest and penalties in respect of such Excise Tax.

  16  

During
the term of the applicable agreement, the applicable executive is entitled to fringe benefits consistent with the practices of the Company,
and to the extent the Company provides similar benefits to the Company’s executive officers, and is entitled to reimbursement for
all reasonable and necessary out- of-pocket business, entertainment and travel expenses incurred by the applicable executive in connection
with the performance of the applicable executive’s duties hereunder and in accordance with the Company’s expense reimbursement
policies and procedures.

Each
of the agreements provides that, during the term of the applicable agreement, the applicable executive will be entitled to indemnification
and insurance coverage for officers’ liability, fiduciary liability and other liabilities arising out of the applicable executive’s
position with the Company in any capacity, in an amount not less than the highest amount available to any other executive, and such coverage
and protections, with respect to the various liabilities as to which the applicable executive has been customarily indemnified prior
to termination of employment, shall continue for at least six years following the end of the term of the applicable agreement. Any indemnification
agreement entered into between the Company and the applicable executive shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with its
terms following the termination of the applicable agreement.

Each
of the employment agreements contains customary confidentiality provisions, and customary provisions related to Company ownership of
intellectual property conceived or made by the applicable executive in connection with the performance of their duties under the applicable
agreement (i. e., a “work-made-for-hire” provision).

Each
of the agreements contains a non-compete provision which provides that, for the term of the applicable agreement and for a period of
2 years thereafter, the applicable executive shall not, directly or indirectly: (i) engage in any other business, association or relationship
of any kind with any business which provides, in whole or in part, the same or similar services and/or products offered by the which
directly or indirectly competes with Company; nor (ii) solicit or accept, or induce any person or entity to reduce goods or services
to Company, or in any manner assist others in the solicitation, acceptance, or inducement of, any business transactions with Company’s
existing and prospective clients, accounts, suppliers and/or other persons or entities with whom the Company has had business relationships
(or whom Company had specifically identified for a prospective business relationship). These restrictions extend to the geographic area
in which the Company actively conducted business immediately prior to termination of the applicable agreement.

Each
of the agreements also contains a customary non-solicitation provision, in which the applicable executive agrees that, for the term of
the applicable agreement and for a period of 3 years thereafter, the applicable executive will not, directly or indirectly solicit or
discuss with any employee of Company the employment of such Company employee by any other commercial enterprise other than Company, nor
recruit, attempt to recruit, hire or attempt to hire any such Company employee on behalf of any commercial enterprise other than Company,
provided that this provision does not prohibit the applicable executive from undertaking a general recruitment advertisement provided
that the foregoing is not targeted towards any person or entity identified above, or from hiring, employing or engaging any such person
or entity who responds to such general recruitment advertisement.

Due
to the application of various States’ laws, there is no assurance that the non-compete provisions or the non- solicitation provisions
as set forth in each of the agreements will be enforced. Each of the agreements contains a “blue pencil” provision that,
in the event that a court determines that any of these restrictions are unenforceable, the parties to the agreement agreed that it is
their desire that the court substitute an enforceable restriction in place of any restriction deemed unenforceable, and that the substitute
restriction be deemed incorporated in the agreement and enforceable against the applicable executive.

Each
of the agreements contains customary representations and warranties by the applicable executive, relating to the agreement, and any securities
of the Company that may be issued to the executive, and contains other customary miscellaneous provisions relating to waivers, assignments,
third party rights, survival of provisions following termination, severability, notices, waiver of jury trials and other provisions.

Each
of the agreements is governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, and for all
purposes shall be construed in accordance with the laws of such state, without giving effect to the choice of law provisions of such
state. Each of the agreements provide that all legal proceedings concerning the applicable agreement will be in the state and federal
courts sitting in Los Angeles County, California, provided that each agreement also includes a provision relating to any disputes being
settled by arbitration.

  17  

Equity
Incentive Compensation Plan

On
August 23, 2024, the Company’s stockholders approved the SBC Medical Group Holdings Incorporated Equity Incentive Plan (the “ Plan”).
The Company’s board of directors approved the Plan on August 9, 2024. The Plan reserved the issuance of 15,000,000 shares of common
stock as equity awards in accordance with the Plan.

Summary
of the Equity Incentive Plan

The
Plan allows the Company to make equity and equity-based incentive awards to officers, employees, directors and consultants. The Board
anticipates that providing such persons with a direct stake in the Company will assure a closer alignment of the interests of such individuals
with those of the Company and its stockholders, thereby stimulating their efforts on the Company’s behalf and strengthening their
desire to remain with the Company.

Approximately
15,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company will be initially reserved for the issuance of awards under the Plan (the “ Initial
Limit”). The Initial Limit is subject to adjustment in the event of a reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock
split, stock dividend, reverse stock split or other similar change in the Company’s capitalization. The maximum aggregate number
of shares of common stock of the Company that may be issued upon exercise of incentive stock options under the Plan shall not exceed
the Initial Limit, as adjusted. Shares underlying any awards under the Plan that are forfeited, cancelled, held back upon exercise of
an option or settlement of an award to cover the exercise price or tax withholding, satisfied without the issuance of stock or otherwise
terminated (other than by exercise) will be added back to the shares available for issuance under the Plan and, to the extent permitted
under Section 422 of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder, the shares that may be issued as incentive stock options.

The
Plan contains a limitation whereby the value of all awards under the Plan and all other cash compensation paid by the Company to any
non-employee director may not exceed $1,000,000 for the first calendar year a non-employee director is initially appointed to the Company’s
board of directors, and $750,000 in any other calendar year.

The
Plan will be administered by the compensation committee of the Company’s board of directors, the Company’s board of directors
or such other similar committee pursuant to the terms of the Plan. The plan administrator, which initially will be the compensation committee
of the Company’s board of directors, will have full power to select, from among the individuals eligible for awards, the individuals
to whom awards will be granted, to make any combination of awards to participants, and to determine the specific terms and conditions
of each award, subject to the provisions of the Plan. The plan administrator may delegate to a committee consisting of one or more officers
of the Company, including the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, the authority to awards to individuals who are not subject to the
reporting and other provisions of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and not members of the delegated committee, subject to certain limitations
and guidelines.

Persons
eligible to participate in the Plan are officers, employees, non-employee directors and consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries
as selected from time to time by the plan administrator in its discretion.

The
Plan permits the granting of both options to purchase common stock of the Company intended to qualify as incentive stock options under
Section 422 of the Code and options that do not so qualify. Options granted under the Plan will be non-qualified options if they fail
to qualify as incentive stock options or exceed the annual limit on incentive stock options. Incentive stock options may only be granted
to employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. Non-qualified options may be granted to any persons eligible to receive awards under
the Plan. The option exercise price of each option will be determined by the plan administrator but generally may not be less than 100%
of the fair market value of the common stock of the Company on the date of grant or, in the case of an incentive stock option granted
to a ten percent stockholder, 110% of such share’s fair market value. The term of each option will be fixed by the plan administrator
and may not exceed ten years from the date of grant. The plan administrator will determine at what time or times each option may be exercised,
including the ability to accelerate the vesting of such options.

Upon
exercise of options, the option exercise price must be paid in full either in cash, by certified or bank check or other instrument acceptable
to the plan administrator or by delivery (or attestation to the ownership) of shares of common stock of the Company that are beneficially
owned by the optionee free of restrictions or were purchased in the open market. Subject to applicable law, the exercise price may also
be delivered by a broker pursuant to irrevocable instructions to the broker from the optionee. In addition, the plan administrator may
permit non-qualified options to be exercised using a “net exercise” arrangement that reduces the number of shares issued
to the optionee by the largest whole number of shares with fair market value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price.

  18  

The
plan administrator may award stock appreciation rights subject to such conditions and restrictions as it may determine. Stock appreciation
rights entitle the recipient to shares of common stock of the Company, or cash, equal to the value of the appreciation in the Company’s
stock price over the exercise price. The exercise price generally may not be less than 100% of the fair market value of common stock
of the Company on the date of grant. The term of each stock appreciation right will be fixed by the plan administrator and may not exceed
ten years from the date of grant. The plan administrator will determine at what time or times each stock appreciation right may be exercised,
including the ability to accelerate the vesting of such stock appreciation rights.

The
plan administrator may award restricted shares of common stock of the Company and restricted stock units to participants subject to such
conditions and restrictions as it may determine. These conditions and restrictions may include the achievement of certain performance
goals and/or continued employment with the Company through a specified vesting period. The plan administrator may also grant shares of
common stock of the Company that are free from any restrictions under the Plan. Unrestricted stock may be granted to participants in
recognition of past services or for other valid consideration and may be issued in lieu of cash compensation due to such participant.
The plan administrator may grant dividend equivalent rights to participants that entitle the recipient to receive credits for dividends
that would be paid if the recipient had held a specified number of shares of common stock of the Company.

The
plan administrator may grant cash-based awards under the Plan to participants, subject to the achievement of certain performance goals,
including continued employment with the Company.

The
Plan requires the plan administrator to make appropriate adjustments to the number of shares of common stock that are subject to the
Plan, to certain limits in the Plan, and to any outstanding awards to reflect stock dividends, stock splits, extraordinary cash dividends
and similar events.

Except
as set forth in a stock award agreement issued under the Plan, in the event of (i) a transfer of all or substantially all of the Company’s
assets, (ii) a merger, consolidation or other capital reorganization or business combination transaction of the Company with or into
another corporation, entity or person, or (iii) the consummation of a transaction, or series of related transactions, in which any person
becomes the beneficial owner directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of Company’s then outstanding capital stock, each outstanding
stock award (vested or unvested) will be treated as the plan administrator determines, which may include (a) Company’s continuation
of such outstanding stock awards (if the Company is the surviving corporation); (b) the assumption of such outstanding stock awards by
the surviving corporation or its parent; (c) the substitution by the surviving corporation or its parent of new stock options or other
equity awards for such stock awards; (d) the cancellation of such stock awards in exchange for a payment to the participants equal to
the excess of (1) the fair market value of the shares subject to such stock awards as of the closing date of such corporate transaction
over (2) the exercise price or purchase price paid or to be paid (if any) for the shares subject to the stock awards (which payment may
be subject to the same conditions that apply to the consideration that will be paid to holders of shares in connection with the transaction,
subject to applicable law); or (e) the opportunity for participants to exercise the stock options prior to the occurrence of the corporate
transaction and the termination (for no consideration) upon the consummation of such corporate transaction of any stock options not exercised
prior thereto.

The
Plan provides that a stock award may be subject to additional acceleration of vesting and exercisability upon or after a “ Change
in Control” (as defined in the Plan) as may be provided in the award agreement for such stock award or as may be provided in any
other written agreement between the Company or any affiliate and the participant, but in the absence of such provision, no such acceleration
will occur.

Participants
in the Plan are responsible for the payment of any federal, state or local taxes that the Company or its subsidiaries are required by
law to withhold upon the exercise of options or stock appreciation rights or vesting of other awards. The plan administrator may cause
any tax withholding obligation of the Company or its subsidiaries to be satisfied, in whole or in part, by the applicable entity withholding
from shares of common stock of the Company to be issued pursuant to an award a number of shares with an aggregate fair market value that
would satisfy the withholding amount due. The plan administrator may also require any tax withholding obligation of the Company or its
subsidiaries to be satisfied, in whole or in part, by an arrangement whereby a certain number of shares issued pursuant to any award
are immediately sold and proceeds from such sale are remitted to the Company or its subsidiaries in an amount that would satisfy the
withholding amount due.

  19  

The
Plan generally does not allow for the transfer or assignment of awards, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution
or pursuant to a domestic relations order; however, the plan administrator may permit the transfer of non-qualified stock options by
gift to an immediate family member, to trusts for the benefit of family members, or to partnerships in which such family members are
the only partners.

The
plan administrator may amend or discontinue the Plan and the plan administrator may amend or cancel outstanding awards for purposes of
satisfying changes in law or any other lawful purpose, but no such action may materially and adversely affect rights under an award without
the holder’s consent. Certain amendments to the Equity Incentive Plan will require the approval of the Company’s stockholders.
Generally, without stockholder approval, (i) no amendment or modification of the Equity Incentive Plan may reduce the exercise price
of any stock option or the strike price of any stock appreciation right, (ii) the plan administrator may not cancel any outstanding stock
option or stock appreciation right where the fair market value of the common stock underlying such stock option or stock appreciation
right is less than its exercise price and replace it with a new option or stock appreciation right, another award or cash and (iii) the
plan administrator may not take any other action that is considered a “repricing” for purposes of the stockholder approval
rules of the applicable securities exchange.

All
stock awards granted under the Plan will be subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy that Company is required to
adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which Company securities are listed or
as is otherwise required by the U. S. Dodd -Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other applicable law. In addition,
the Company’s board may impose such other clawback, recovery or recoupment provisions in a stock award agreement as the Company
board determines necessary or appropriate. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a
right to resign for “good reason” or “constructive termination” (or similar term) under any agreement with the
Company.

No
awards may be granted under the Plan after the date that is ten years from the Plan Effective Date. No awards under the Plan have been
made prior to the date of this proxy statement.

Certain
United States Federal Income Tax Aspects

The
following is a summary of the principal U. S. federal income tax consequences of certain transactions under the Plan. It does not describe
all federal tax consequences under the Plan, nor does it describe state or local tax consequences.

Incentive
Stock Options.

If
shares of the Company’s common stock acquired upon the exercise of an incentive stock option are disposed of prior to the expiration
of the two-year and one-year holding periods described above (a “disqualifying disposition”), generally (i) the optionee
will realize ordinary income in the year of disposition in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the fair market value of the shares
of the Company’s common stock at exercise (or, if less, the amount realized on a sale of such shares of the Company’s common
stock) over the option price thereof, and (ii) the Company or its subsidiaries will be entitled to deduct such amount. Special rules
will apply where all or a portion of the exercise price of the incentive stock option is paid by tendering shares of the Company’s
common stock.

  20  

If
an incentive stock option is exercised at a time when it no longer qualifies for the tax treatment described above, the option is treated
as a non-qualified option. Generally, an incentive stock option will not be eligible for the tax treatment described above if it is exercised
more than three months following termination of employment (or one year in the case of termination of employment by reason of disability).
In the case of termination of employment by reason of death, the three-month rule does not apply.

No
income is generally realized by the optionee at the time a non-qualified option is granted. Generally (i) at exercise, ordinary income
is realized by the optionee in an amount equal to the difference between the option exercise price and the fair market value of the shares
of the Company’s common stock on the date of exercise, and we receive a tax deduction for the same amount, and (ii) at disposition,
appreciation or depreciation after the date of exercise is treated as either short-term or long-term capital gain or loss depending on
how long the shares of the Company’s common stock have been held. Special rules will apply where all or a portion of the exercise
price of the non-qualified option is paid by tendering shares of the Company’s common stock. Upon exercise, the optionee will also
be subject to Social Security taxes on the excess of the fair market value over the exercise price of the option.

For
all other awards under the Plan, either the Company or its subsidiaries generally will be entitled to a tax deduction in connection with
other awards under the Equity Incentive Plan in an amount equal to the ordinary income realized by the participant at the time the participant
recognizes such income. Participants typically are subject to income tax and recognize such tax at the time that an award is exercised,
vests or becomes non-forfeitable, unless the award provides for deferred settlement.

The
vesting of any portion of an award that is accelerated due to the occurrence of a change in control (such as a sale event) may cause
all or a portion of the payments with respect to such accelerated awards to be treated as “parachute payments” as defined
in the Code. Any such parachute payments may be non-deductible to either the Company or its subsidiaries, in whole or in part, and may
subject the recipient to a non-deductible 20% federal excise tax on all or a portion of such payment (in addition to other taxes ordinarily
payable).

New
Plan Benefits

No
awards have been previously granted under the Plan. The awards that are to be granted to any participant or group of participants are
indeterminable at the date of this proxy statement because participation and the types of awards that may be granted under the Plan are
subject to the discretion of the plan administrator. Consequently, no new plan benefits table is included in this proxy statement.

Policies and Practices Related
to the Grants of Certain Equity Awards

It is the Company’s practice
not to time the disclosure of material non-public information for the purpose of affecting the value of executive compensation and not
to take material non-public information into account when determining the timing or terms of equity awards for the purpose of affecting
the value of executive compensation.

During the year ended December 31,
2024, none of our named executive officers was granted an equity award during the period beginning four business days before, and ending
one business day after, the filing of a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or an Annual Report on Form 10-K, or the filing or furnishing of
a current report on Form 8-K that disclosed material nonpublic information.

Director
Compensation

Currently,
non-employee directors receive compensation for their services as directors as mentioned in “ Director Compensation” below.

  21  

SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of April 15, 2025 for
(a) the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table included elsewhere in this proxy statement, (b) each of our directors
and director nominees, (c) all of our current directors and executive officers as a group and (d) each stockholder known by us to own
beneficially more than 5% of our common stock. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes
voting or investment power with respect to the securities. We deem shares of common stock that may be acquired by an individual or group
within 60 days of April 15, 2025 pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage
ownership of such individual or group, but those shares are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage
ownership of any other person shown in the table. Except as indicated in footnotes to this table, we believe that the stockholders named
in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown to be beneficially owned by them
based on information provided to us by these stockholders.

Unless
otherwise noted, the business address of each of the beneficial owners listed below is c/o the Company at 200 Spectrum Center Dr., Suite
300, Irvine, CA 92618.

                                                Number of                                
                                                Shares                                   
                                                Beneficially                             
  Name and Address                              Owned                                    
  Directors,                                                                             
  Yoshiyuki Aikawa                                                92,688,960      89.45  
  Yuya Yoshida                                                    —               —      
  Ryoji Murata                                                    —               —      
  Ken Edahiro                                                     —               —      
  Mike Sayama                                                     15,000          *      
  Fumitoshi Fujiwara                                              —               —      
  All executive officers                                          92,703,960      89.47  

  Less       

  (1)      Percentages                                                                                                              

  22  

CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS

Policies
and Procedures for Related Person Transactions

Under
Item 404 of SEC Regulation S-K, a related person transaction is any actual or proposed transaction, arrangement or relationship or series
of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships, including those involving indebtedness not in the ordinary course of business,
to which we or our subsidiary were or are a party, or in which we or our subsidiary were or are a participant, in which the amount involved
exceeded or exceeds the lesser of $120,000 or 1% of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years
and in which any of our directors, nominees for director, executive officers, beneficial owners of more than 5% of any class of our voting
securities (a “significant shareholder”), or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons, had or will
have a direct or indirect material interest.

We
recognize that transactions between us and any of our directors or executives or with a third party in which one of our officers, directors
or significant shareholders has an interest can present potential or actual conflicts of interest and create the appearance that our
decisions are based on considerations other than the best interests of our Company and stockholders.

The
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is charged with responsibility for reviewing, approving and overseeing any transaction between
the Company and any related person (as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K), including the propriety and ethical implications of any
such transactions, as reported or disclosed to the Audit Committee, and to determine whether the terms of the transaction are not less
favorable to us than could be obtained from an unaffiliated party.

Related
Party Transactions Prior to the Business Combination

Convertible
Promissory Note

On
May 18, 2023, Pono entered into a Convertible Promissory Note with the Company, pursuant to which the Company agreed to loan Pono an
aggregate principal of $1,000,000 (the “ Convertible Promissory Note”). The Convertible Promissory Note was non-interest bearing
and was due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the first business day following the consummation of the Company’s initial
Business Combination and (ii) May 17, 2024, unless accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default.

On
February 27, 2024, Pono and the Company entered into an Amendment to the Note (the “ Amended Note Purchase Agreement”), which
increased the purchase price of the note from $1,000,000 to $2,700,000 and amended the maturity date to the earlier to occur of (i) the
first business day following the consummation of the Company’s initial Business Combination and (ii) August 29, 2024, unless accelerated
upon the occurrence of an event of default. In consideration for entering into the Amended Note, each of the parties to the Merger Agreement
agreed to release each other party from any claims arising out of any termination of the Merger Agreement or failure to consummate the
transactions contemplated thereby. The Convertible Promissory Note automatically converted into Class A Common Stock at one share for
each $10 in outstanding principal amount at the Closing.

Non-redemption
Agreement

On
May 5, 2023, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders (the “ Special Meeting”), and the chairman adjourned the Special
Meeting to May 8, 2023. On May 8, 2023, the Company held the Special Meeting. During the Special Meeting, stockholders approved an amendment
to the Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate
a business combination from May 9, 2023 to February 9, 2024 for no additional amount to be paid by the Sponsor into the Trust Account,
and (ii) to provide for the right of a holder of Class B common stock to convert such shares into shares of Class A common stock on a
one -for-one basis prior to the closing of a business combination at the election of the holder. As approved by the stockholders of the
Company, the Company filed an amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State
on May 8, 2023. The Company’s stockholders elected to redeem an aggregate of 9,577,250 shares of Class A common stock of the Company
in connection with the Special Meeting. Following such redemptions, the amount of funds remaining in the trust account was approximately
$20 million.

In
connection with the Special Meeting, the Company and the Sponsor entered into non-redemption agreements with certain unaffiliated stockholders
owning, in the aggregate, 998,682 shares of the Company’s Class A common stock, pursuant to which such stockholders agreed, among
other things, not to redeem or exercise any right to redeem such public shares in connection with the Extension Amendment. On February
5, 2024, the Company’s stockholders approved a proposal to extend the date by which the Company had to consummate a business combination
from February 9, 2024 to November 9, 2024.

  23  

The
Company estimated the aggregate fair value of the 339,565 Sponsor Shares attributable to the Non-Redeeming Stockholders to be $709,691
or $ 2.09 per share. Each Non-Redeeming Stockholder acquired from the Sponsor an indirect economic interest in the Sponsor Shares. The
excess of the fair value of the Sponsor Shares was determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic
5A. Accordingly, in substance, it was recognized by the Company as a capital contribution by the Sponsor to induce these holders of the
Class A shares not to redeem, with a corresponding charge to additional paid -in capital to recognize the fair value of the shares transferred
as an offering cost.

In
February 2025, the Company issued 860,435 shares of common stock, with no proceeds, to Mehana Capital LLC as incentive shares pursuant
to the Non-Redemption Agreements.

Related
Party Transactions of Legacy SBC

SBC
Medical Group Co., Ltd., a Japan corporation (“ SBC Medical Sub”) is designated as a “medical service corporation”
in Japan. In Japan, a medical service corporation is a legal entity that provides management service to “ MCs”. The management
services are conducted through FC contracts and service contracts between certain subsidiary of the Company (SBC Medical Sub) and the
MCs that own all 241 of the treatment centers in Japan.

There
are currently six MCs that the SBC Medical Sub has entered into franchisor-franchisee contracts and service contracts with, consisting
of Medical Corporation Shobikai, Medical Corporation Kowakai, Medical Corporation Nasukai, Medical Corporation Aikeikai, Medical Corporation
Jukeikai, and Medical Corporation Ritz Cosmetic Surgery (collectively, the “ MCs”).

In
addition to the six MCs, we have entered into service contracts with Medical Corporation Association Furinkai (the service contract regarding
operation on November 22, 2023 and the service contract regarding management consulting on November 25, 2023 respectively) and Medical
Corporation Association Junikai (the service contract regarding operation and the service contract regarding management consulting both
on November 16, 2023). The scope of work (“ SOW”) of the service contracts with these two MCs is limited to marketing, introduction
of new treatment technologies and future business development while the SOW of the FC contracts with the six MCs are broad and define
general rules in order to allow MCs to use the SBC brand name. Accordingly, the service contracts with these two MCs are different from
the FC contracts with the six MCs and the clinics of these two MCs do not use the “ Shonan Beauty Clinic” brand. Please see
“ - Material Contracts between SBC Medical Sub and MCs - Service Contracts” for more information regarding the
service contracts with Medical Corporation Association Furinkai and Medical Corporation Association Junikai.

All
of the MCs are deemed to be related parties of the Company since relatives of the CEO of the Company are the members (or shain) of general
meetings of members of the MCs. The CEO of the Company was previously a member of the six franchisee MCs until he ceased being a member
in July 2023. The Company, through SBC Medical Sub, owns equity “deposit” interests (or mochibun) of the six franchisee MCs.
Although the Company, through SBC Medical Sub, has an equity “deposit” interest to the rights to receive a distribution of
residual assets in proportion to the amount of contribution in certain circumstances as provided in the articles of incorporation of
each of the six MCs, the Company or SBC Medical Sub does not have voting control over the corporate actions at general meetings of members
(or shain) of the MCs per the requirements of the Japanese Medical Care Act and the MCs’ articles of incorporation.

Since
September 2023, Legacy SBC started providing services to two additional medical corporations in Japan, namely, Medical Corporation Association
Furinkai and Medical Corporation Association Junikai, which are considered as related parties of Legacy SBC as the relatives of the CEO
of Legacy SBC being members of the two medical corporations.

In
January 2024, Legacy SBC acquired 353,600 shares of common stock of Waqoo, accounts for less than 10% ownership, a related- party company
listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, of which the CEO of Legacy SBC is a principal shareholder, with a fair value of $5,565,938 through
a share exchange agreement.

  24  

The
related parties that had material transactions for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 consist of the following:

  Name                                               Nature                                                                                           
  of Related Parties                                 of Relationship as of December 31, 2024                                                          
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Yoshiyuki                                          Controlling                                                                                      
  Yoshiko                                            Representative                                                                                   
  Mizuho                                             Director                                                                                         
  Medical                                            The                                                                                              
  Medical                                            The                                                                                              
  Medical                                            The                                                                                              
  Medical                                            The                                                                                              
  Medical                                            The                                                                                              
  Medical                                            The                                                                                              
  Medical    

[Proxy truncated]