Item
1A.Risk
                   Factors

An
investment in our securities carries a significant degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks, as well as the
other information contained in this Annual Report, including our historical financial statements and related notes included elsewhere
in this Annual Report, before you decide to purchase our securities. Any one of these risks and uncertainties has the potential to cause
material adverse effects on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results which could cause actual results to differ
materially from any forward-looking statements expressed by us and a significant decrease in the value of our common shares and warrants.
Refer to “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.”

We
may not be successful in preventing the material adverse effects that any of the following risks and uncertainties may cause. These potential
risks and uncertainties may not be a complete list of the risks and uncertainties facing us. There may be additional risks and uncertainties
that we are presently unaware of, or presently consider immaterial, that may become material in the future and have a material adverse
effect on us. You could lose all or a significant portion of your investment due to any of these risks and uncertainties.

Risks
Relating to Our Business and Industry

We
are a holding company and depend upon our operating subsidiaries for our cash flows.

We
are a holding company. Almost all of our operations are conducted, and almost all of our assets are owned, by our operating subsidiaries.
Consequently, our cash flows and our ability to meet our obligations depend upon the cash flows of our operating subsidiaries and the
payment of funds by these operating subsidiaries to us in the form of dividends, distributions or otherwise. The ability of our operating
subsidiaries to make any payments to us depends on their earnings, the terms of their indebtedness, including the terms of any credit
facilities and legal restrictions. Any failure to receive dividends or distributions from our operating subsidiaries when needed could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.

We
may need additional capital, and we cannot be sure that additional financing will be available.

Although
we currently anticipate that our available funds and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our cash needs for the foreseeable
future, we may require additional financing. Our ability to obtain financing will depend, among other things, on our development efforts,
business plans, operating performance and condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We cannot assure you that additional
financing will be available to it on favorable terms when required, or at all. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity,
equity-linked or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to the rights of our common stock,
and the existing stockholders may experience dilution.

We
may not grow our franchise system or we may lose business by failing to compete effectively or by failing to manage the reputation of
our brand.

Our
success and growth prospects depend on the strength and desirability of our brand. We believe that potential franchisees choose clinics
based primarily on the value and quality of the brand and services, the extent to which affiliation with that franchisor may increase
the franchisee’s revenue, and the franchise management service fees charged. Demographic, economic or other changes in markets
may adversely affect the desirability of our brand and, correspondingly, the number of clinics franchised.

The
terms of new franchise management service agreements may not be as favorable as our current franchise management service agreements.
For example, we may be required to reduce or change fee structures due to regulatory changes, make greater use of financial incentives
such as loans and guaranties to induce the MCs to open new clinics and/or reduce the level of property improvements required before operating
under our brand names. This could potentially impact our margins negatively. In addition, unfavorable borrowing conditions may discourage
potential franchisees from expanding or constructing new clinics, thereby limiting a source of growth of the franchise management service
fees received by us.

Also,
each of our franchisee clinics competes with major clinic chains in national and international markets and with independent companies
in regional markets. Our ability to remain competitive and to attract and retain franchisee clinic customers depends on our success in
distinguishing our management service, including but not limited to resale of cosmetic products, and services from those offered by competitors
to our franchisee clinics. If we are unable to compete successfully in these areas, this could adversely affect our market share and
our results of operations.

The
financial performance of our franchisees can negatively impact our business.

As
all of the MC’s clinics, except clinics of Medical Corporation Association Furinkai and Medical Corporation Association Junikai
and one clinic located in Vietnam, were franchised as of December 31, 2024, our financial results are dependent in significant part upon
the operational and financial success of our franchisees. To the extent we are unable to increase the number of franchise clinic locations
in certain locations, are prevented from increasing franchise clinic locations due to historical performance, government regulations,
licensing, registrations, or other factors, we will have a material negative impact on future revenues. Our revenue model and cash flows
rely heavily on franchise management service fees as well as the expiration of clinic customer reward points. A significant reduction
in the total number of new franchisee clinics opened would have a material adverse effect on future revenues. We have established operational
standards and guidelines for our franchisees; however, we have limited control over how our franchisees’ businesses are run. While
we are responsible for the anticipated success of our entire system of clinics and for taking a longer-term view with respect to system
improvements, our franchisees have individual business strategies and objectives, which might conflict with our interests. Our franchisees
may not be able to secure adequate financing to open or continue operating their clinics. If they incur too much debt or if economic
or sales trends deteriorate such that they are unable to repay existing debt, our franchisees could experience financial distress or
even bankruptcy. If a significant number of franchisees become financially distressed, it could harm our operating results through reduced
management services revenues and the impact on our profitability could be greater than the percentage decrease in the management services
revenues. Closure of franchised clinics would reduce our management services revenues and other sources of income and could negatively
impact margins, since we may not be able to reduce fixed costs which we continue to incur.

The
interests of our franchisees may conflict with ours or yours in the future and we could face liability from our franchisees or related
to our relationship with our franchisees.

The
MCs, even though considered related parties, may from time to time disagree with us and our strategies regarding the business or our
interpretation of our respective rights and obligations under the franchise and management services agreements and the terms and conditions
of the franchisee/franchisor relationship. This may lead to disputes with our franchisees, and we expect such disputes to occur from
time to time in the future as we continue to offer franchises. Such disputes may result in legal action against us. To the extent we
have such disputes, the attention, time and financial resources of our management and our franchisees will be diverted from the clinics,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows even if we have
a successful outcome in the dispute.

In
addition, various state and federal laws govern our relationship with our franchisees and our potential addition of a franchise clinic
location. A franchisee and/or a government agency may bring legal action against us based on the franchisee/franchisor relationships
that could result in the award of damages to franchisees and/or the imposition of fines or other penalties against us.

We
could face liability from or as a result of our franchisees.

Various
laws will govern the relationship between us and our franchisees and the potential addition of a franchise clinic location. If we fail
to comply with these laws, we could be liable for damages to franchisees and fines or other penalties. A franchisee or government agency
may bring legal action against us based on the franchisee/franchisor relationship. Also, under the franchise and management services
business model, we may face claims and liabilities based on vicarious liability, joint-employer liability, or other theories or liabilities.
Such legal actions could result in expensive litigation with our franchisees or government agencies that could adversely affect both
our profit and our important relations with our franchisees. In addition, regulatory or legal developments could result in changes to
laws or the franchisor/franchisee relationship that could negatively impact the franchise business model and, accordingly, our profit.

We
have limited control with respect to the operations of our medical corporation customers, which could have a negative impact on our business.

The
MCs, even though considered related parties, are independent business operators and are not our employees. Generally speaking, the
Company does not exercise control over the day-to-day operations of their clinics (except to the extent governed by our management
services contracts). In addition, the CEO of the Company is not able to exert influence over the MC. This is because he neither has
any equity interest of the MC nor is a member (or shain) or a director of the MC. In particular, however, the immediate
family members of CEO are able to exert influence over the MC to the extent of the voting rights, since they are shain of the
MC. The immediate family members of our CEO are members of the following MCs for which we provide services:

●Medical
                                            Corporation Shobikai

●Medical
                                            Corporation Kowakai

●Medical
                                            Corporation Nasukai

●Medical
                                            Corporation Aikeikai

●Medical
                                            Corporation Jukeikai

●Medical
                                            Corporation Ritz Cosmetic Surgery

●Medical
                                            Corporation Association Furinkai

●Medical
                                            Corporation Association Junikai

The
immediate family members of our CEO account for two-thirds of the general meeting of member (or shain), which is the decision-making
body in these MCs.

We
provide training and support to franchisees, and set and monitor operational standards, but the quality of franchised clinics may be
diminished by any number of factors beyond our control. Consequently, franchisees may not successfully operate clinics in a manner consistent
with our standards and requirements or may not hire and train qualified personnel. If franchisees do not operate to our expectations,
our image and reputation, and the image and reputation of other franchisees, may suffer materially and system-wide sales could decline
significantly, which would reduce our management services fees and other revenues, and the impact on profitability could be greater than
the percentage decrease in management services fees.

The
challenging economic environment may affect our franchisees, with adverse consequences to us.

We
rely substantially on our franchisees and the manner in which they operate their locations to develop and promote our brand and business.
Due to the continuing challenging economic environment, it is possible that some franchisees could file for bankruptcy or become delinquent
in their payments to us, which could have a significant adverse impact on our business due to loss or delay in payments of management
services fees and other fees. Bankruptcies by our franchisees could prevent us from terminating their franchise and management services
agreements so that we can offer their territories to other franchisees, negatively impact our market share and operating results as we
may have fewer well-performing franchisee clinics, and adversely impact our ability to open new franchisee clinics.

We
cannot be certain that the MCs and other franchisees we select in the future will have the business acumen or financial resources necessary
to open and operate successful franchises in their franchise areas, and applicable franchise laws may limit our ability to terminate
or modify these franchise arrangements and management services agreements. Moreover, franchisees may not successfully operate clinics
in a manner consistent with our standards and requirements or may not hire and train qualified personnel. The failure of MCs and other
franchisees to open and operate franchises successfully could have a material adverse effect on us, our reputation, our brand and our
ability to open new franchisee clinics and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows.

Franchisees
may not have access to the financial or management resources that they need to open the clinics contemplated by their agreements with
us or be able to find suitable sites on which to develop them. Franchisees may not be able to negotiate an acceptable lease or purchase
terms for clinic sites, obtain the necessary permits and government approvals or meet construction schedules. Any of these problems could
slow our growth and reduce our franchise revenues. Additionally, our franchisees typically depend on financing from banks and other financial
institutions, which may not always be available to them, in order to construct and open new clinics. For these reasons, franchisees may
not be able to meet the new clinic opening dates required under the franchise agreements.

If
we are unable to obtain, maintain or protect intellectual property rights, in Japan, in Vietnam, in Singapore, in the U.S. and throughout
the world, we may not be able to compete effectively in our market or globally.

Our
success depends in significant part on our and our licensees’ ability to establish, maintain and protect patents and other intellectual
property rights and operate without infringing the intellectual property rights of others.

The
patent prosecution process is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to prepare, file and prosecute all necessary or desirable
patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. Various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with
a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process and certain periodic
maintenance and annuity fees following patent issuance. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of inventions
made in the course of development and commercialization activities before it is too late to obtain patent protection on them. The lack
of such patent protection may have a materially adverse effect on our business and financial condition.

Finally,
our patent portfolio encompasses entire  pending patent applications and unpatented intellectual property in various jurisdictions,
and the pending patent applications encompassing each of the different technology areas may be assigned different relative and future
values, either based on commercial relevance, patent position strength, patent coverage, claim scope, or any other variables associated
with intellectual property. That is, some aspects of our patent portfolio may be more valuable than other aspects of our patent portfolio.
Inability to obtain patents encompassing critical technologies could more adversely impact our business than inability to obtain patents
encompassing other aspects of our business. Thus, adverse events experienced within specific patent portfolios could critically hamper
our ability to commercialize and conduct business in these key technology areas.

Globally,
filing, prosecuting, enforcing and defending patents in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our
intellectual property rights in certain countries can be less extensive than those in other jurisdictions. In addition, as noted above,
the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as laws in Japan. Consequently, we
may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries. Since we have not obtained patent protection,
competitors may use our technologies and our intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing.

We
have substantial franchisee concentration.

The
number of our franchisees is severely limited since our franchisees primarily consist of the MCs. There are inherent risks whenever a
large percentage of revenues are concentrated with a limited number of franchisees that mainly operate the franchise locations in Japan,
rather than in broad, mainstream commercial operations. We are unable to predict the future level of demand for our services that will
be generated by these franchisees.

Our
reputation and the trading price of our common stock may be negatively affected by adverse publicity or detrimental conduct against us.

Adverse
publicity concerning our failure or perceived failure to comply with legal and regulatory requirements, alleged accounting or financial
reporting irregularities, regulatory scrutiny and further regulatory action or litigation could harm our reputation and cause the trading
price of our common stock to decline and fluctuate significantly. The negative publicity and the resulting decline of the trading price
of our common stock may lead to the filing of stockholder class action lawsuits against us and some of our senior executive officers,
and may potentially have further severe impact on the market price of our common stock and divert management’s attention from the
day-to-day operations of our company. Our management team plans to conduct additional procedures and actions to mitigate risks of the
short seller allegations that the Company may be subject to. We had not been the subject
of short seller allegations, and this risk factor is discussing allegations that may potentially occur in the future with regard to the
Company. As it is in short sellers’ interest for the price of the security to decline, many short sellers publish, or arrange for
the publication of, negative opinions and allegations regarding the relevant issuer and its business prospects in order to create negative
market momentum and generate profits for themselves after selling a security short. These short attacks on public entities have, in the
past, led to selling of shares in the market. Much of the scrutiny and negative publicity in such circumstances has centered on allegations
of a lack of effective internal control over financial reporting resulting in financial and accounting irregularities and mistakes, inadequate
corporate governance policies or a lack of adherence thereto and, in many cases, allegations of fraud. As a result, many of these companies
are now conducting internal and external investigations into the allegations and, in the interim, are subject to stockholder lawsuits
and/or SEC enforcement actions. Such a situation could be costly and time-consuming, and could divert management’s attention from
the day-to-day operations of our company. Even if such allegations are ultimately proven to be groundless, allegations against us could
severely impact the market price of our securities and our business operations. However, we may be constrained in the manner in which
we can proceed against the relevant short sellers by principles of freedom of speech, applicable state law or issues of commercial confidentiality.

We
may continue to be the target of adverse publicity and detrimental conduct against us, including complaints, anonymous or otherwise,
to regulatory agencies regarding our operations, accounting, revenues and regulatory compliance. Additionally, allegations against us
may be posted on the internet by any person or entity which identifies itself or on an anonymous basis. We and our subsidiaries may be
subject to government or regulatory investigation or inquiries, or stockholder lawsuits, as a result of such third-party conduct and
may be required to incur significant time and substantial costs to defend ourselves, and there is no assurance that we and our subsidiaries
will be able to conclusively refute each of the allegations within a reasonable period of time or at all. Our reputation may also be
negatively affected as a result of the public dissemination of allegations or malicious statements about us, which in turn may materially
and adversely affect the trading price of our common stock.

We
are a relatively young company with a short operating history, and we may not be able to sustain our rapid growth, effectively manage
our growth or implement our business strategies.

We
and our subsidiaries have been providing our management services since 2003. Although we have experienced growth, our historical performance
may not be indicative of our future performance due to our limited operating history. We are currently evaluating a continued expansion
of franchisee locations to countries other than Japan, and have a short history of franchise locations outside of Japan. There is only
a limited historical basis for making judgments on the demand for our franchisee clinic services in new locations in the future.

You
should consider our business and future prospects in light of the risks and challenges associated with our ability to:

●ensure
                                            that our franchisee clinics are providing safe, convenient and effective cosmetic services;

●maintain
                                            reliable, secure, high-performance and scalable infrastructure;

●identify
                                            suitable facilities to expand franchisee clinic capacity and customer base;

●navigate
                                            the evolving and complex regulatory environment across all the markets in which we and the
                                            MCs’ franchisee clinics operate;

●anticipate
                                            and adapt to changing market conditions, including technological developments and changes
                                            in the competitive landscape, and adjust, manage and execute our marketing and sales activities
                                            to cater to local economic and demographic conditions, cultural differences and customer
                                            preferences across all our current and future markets;

●successfully
                                            market our brand;

●improve
                                            and maintain our operational efficiency; and

●attract,
                                            retain and motivate talented employees.

If
we fail to address any or all of these risks and challenges, our business may be materially and adversely affected.

As
our business grows, we or our subsidiaries may adjust our management services offerings. These adjustments may not bring about expected
results and may instead have a material and adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Our revenue structure
may continue to evolve in response to market demand in locations where the franchisee clinics are located. Our growth is dependent on
the opening of such new franchisee clinic locations. We may not accurately identify market needs before we invest in the development
of a new clinic service. In addition, we might face difficulties or delays in the development process, which may result in losses in
our market share and competitive advantages.

In
pursuit of our growth strategy, we or our subsidiaries may enter into new strategic relationships to further penetrate our targeted markets.
Should these relationships fail to materialize and develop into demand for our services, or should we fail to work effectively with these
companies, we may lose opportunities to generate clinic growth and our business, results of operations and financial condition could
be adversely affected.

Our
franchisee clinics may not be successful in competing in the cosmetic clinic industry.

We
operate in the cosmetic clinic industry by providing management services to our franchisee clinics. Companies engaged in businesses similar
to those of our franchisee clinics are entering the market one after another, and competition is fierce, with a wide range of cosmetic
products and service formats. Our policy is to continue to respond to customer needs and enhance its services. However, if these efforts
do not produce the anticipated results, or if the emergence of competitor clinics offering cosmetic services leads to customers leaving
our franchisee clinics, leading to a decrease in revenues generated by our franchisee clinics, then our business and performance may
be affected since we receive substantial revenue from the MCs as part of our compensation for management services.

Many
of our franchisee clinics’ current and potential competitors, particularly international competitors, have significantly greater
financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing and other resources than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to the design,
development, promotion, and support of their clinics.

We
expect competition in our industry to intensify in the future in light of increased demand for cosmetic services. Factors affecting competition
include, among others, ability to innovate, service quality, reliability, safety, pricing, and customer service. Increased competition
may lead to lower revenues generated by our franchisee clinics, which may result in downward price pressure and adversely affect our
business, financial condition, operating results and prospects, since we receive substantial revenue from the MCs as part of our compensation
for management services.

The
Company may face competition from senior management who cease working for it, and the Non-Competition Agreements (as defined below) may
be unenforceable and expire two years following the Closing.

Following
execution of the Merger Agreement, certain current and former key personnel of Legacy SBC, including Dr. Aikawa, Ryoji Murata, Yuya Yoshida
and Akira Komatsu, entered into non-competition and non-solicitation agreements (the “Non-Competition Agreements”), pursuant
to which they agreed not to compete with the Company and its subsidiaries during the two-year period following the Closing and, during
such two-year restricted period, not to solicit employees or customers or clients of such entities.

We
cannot be sure that one or more of these parties to the Non-Competition Agreements will not compete with the Company or solicit its employees
or clients in the future. Even if ultimately resolved in its favor, any litigation associated with the Non-Competition Agreements could
be time consuming, costly and distract management’s focus from operating the Company’s business. Moreover, states and foreign
jurisdictions may interpret restrictions on competition narrowly and in favor of employees. Therefore, certain restrictions on competition
or solicitation may be unenforceable. In addition, the Company may not pursue legal remedies if it determines that preserving cooperation
and a professional relationship with the former employee, or other concerns, outweigh the benefits of any possible legal recourse or
the likelihood of success does not justify the costs of pursuing a legal remedy. Furthermore, the term of the Non-Competition Agreements
expires two years following the Closing. Upon expiration of the term, Dr. Aikawa, Ryoji Murata, Yuya Yoshida and Akira Komatsu, each
of whom are current or former key personnel of Legacy SBC, and continue to be key personnel of the Company, may solicit employees or
customers or clients of the Company. Such persons, because they have worked for Legacy SBC and the Company, may be able to compete more
effectively with the Company, or be more successful in soliciting its employees and clients, than unaffiliated third parties.

Any
significant change in the franchisee clinic customer reward program could have a negative impact on our business.

We
depend on the franchisee clinic customer reward program. The customer’s points expire if the customer does not make any additional qualified purchase at a participating
clinic within a year. Accordingly, at the time that a customer’s points expire, the Company earns 1 yen (approximately $0.0067) for each
customer point that expires. Any material disruption to or changes to the franchisee clinic customer reward program could harm our brand
and adversely affect our operating results. Further, if the franchisee clinics’ customers practices change and the number of reward
points that remain unused and expire decreases, then our business and operating results could be adversely affected.

Any
significant cybersecurity incident or disruption to our operating systems could subject us to significant reputational, financial, legal
and operational consequences.

We
depend on our and our franchisees’ operating systems to operate. Any material disruption to or slowdown of our operating systems
could cause delays in our management services, which could harm our brand and adversely affect our operating results.

Problems
with our telecommunications network providers could adversely affect our services. Our telecommunications network providers could decide
to cease providing services to us without adequate notice. Any change in service levels of our telecommunications network or any errors,
defects, disruptions or other performance problems with our operating systems or infrastructure could harm our brand and potentially
affect our franchisee clinics access to our management services. If changes in technology cause our operating systems or infrastructure
to become obsolete, or if our operating systems are inadequate to support our growth, we could lose customers, and our business and operating
results could be adversely affected.

The
Company, its subsidiaries, and the MCs could be subject to breaches of security by hackers. Although we proactively employ multiple measures
to defend our systems against intrusions and attacks, our measures may not prevent unauthorized access or use of sensitive data.

A
cybersecurity breach could harm our reputation, deter customers and potential customers from buying products or services from our franchisee
clinics, and result in regulatory penalties due to the sensitive nature of our franchisee clinics’ customers’ medical information.
In addition, any such breach could cause us to incur costs to correct the breaches or failures, expose us to uninsured liability, increase
our risk of regulatory scrutiny, subject us to lawsuits and result in the imposition of material penalties and fines.

We
may be compelled to undertake product recalls or take other actions, which could adversely affect our brand image and results of operations.

The
cosmetic products, medical equipment, and medical supplies that we sell may not perform in line with customers’ expectations. Any
product defects, accidents or any other failure of the cosmetic products, medical equipment, or medical supplies that we sell to perform
as expected could harm our reputation and result in adverse publicity, revenue loss, delivery delays and product recalls, which could
harm our brand and reputation. Any product recall or lawsuit seeking significant monetary damages may have a material adverse effect
on our business and financial condition. In the future, our suppliers may, voluntarily or involuntarily, initiate a recall if any of
the cosmetic products, medical equipment, or medical supplies that we sell, prove to be defective or noncompliant with applicable laws
and regulations. Such recalls, whether voluntary or involuntary, could cause us to incur significant expenses and adversely affect our
brand image in our target markets.

We
may become subject to product liability claims or warranty claims, which could harm our financial condition and liquidity if we are not
able to successfully defend or insure against such claims.

We
may be exposed to significant product liability claims if the cosmetic products, medical equipment, and medical supplies that we sell
do not perform as expected. Any defects in the cosmetic products, medical equipment, and medical supplies that we sell that we sell or
the misuse of the cosmetic products, medical equipment, and medical supplies that we sell could also result in injury, death or property
damage. Our risks in this area are reduced due to the fact that we only act as a seller of the cosmetic products and not as the developer
or manufacturer. A successful product liability claim against us could require us to pay a substantial monetary award. Moreover, a product
liability claim could generate substantial negative publicity about the cosmetic products, medical equipment, and medical supplies that
we sell and our business and inhibit or prevent the sale of current and future cosmetic products, medical equipment, and medical supplies
by us. Since we are not the developer or manufacturer of the cosmetic products, medical equipment, and medical supplies that we sell,
we do not have insurance coverage to cover potential product liability claims. Even if a claim is without merit or subsequently disproven,
the claim could nevertheless diminish our brand and divert management’s attention and resources, which could have a negative impact
on our business, financial condition and result of operations.

We
have limited experience in providing management services to franchisee clinics located outside of Japan and we are subject to a variety
of costs and risks due to our continued international expansion.

One
of our core strategies is international expansion. We generally have less experience in marketing and providing management services to
franchisee clinics in markets outside Japan. International expansion will require us to invest significant capital and other resources,
and our efforts may not be successful. International franchisee clinic operations are subject to risks such as:

●limited
                                            brand recognition;

●costs
                                            associated with establishing new supplier networks;

●difficulty
                                            in finding qualified franchise partners;

●inability
                                            to anticipate changes in local market conditions, economic landscapes, and consumers’
                                            preferences and customs;

●difficulties
                                            in staffing and managing foreign operations;

●lack
                                            of familiarity with and understanding of the local legal, regulatory and policy frameworks,
                                            as well as burdens of complying with a wide variety of local laws and regulations, including
                                            those governing personal and customer data protection and safety control;

●political
                                            and economic instability;

●trade
                                            restrictions;

●differing
                                            employment laws and practices, as well as potential labor disruptions;

●the
                                            imposition of government controls;

●lesser
                                            degrees of intellectual property protection;

●tariffs
                                            and customs duties and the classifications of the cosmetic products, medical equipment, and
                                            medical supplies that we sell by applicable governmental bodies; and

●a
                                            legal system subject to undue influence or corruption.

The
failure to manage any of these risks could negatively affect our international business and consequently our overall business and operating
results. In addition, the concern over these risks may also prevent us from entering into or marketing our franchisee clinics in certain
markets.

Our
operations may be interrupted by utility shortages or stoppages, fire, natural disaster or other calamities at or near our facilities.

Our
franchisee clinics and our clinic depend on a continuous supply of utilities, such as electricity and water, to operate. Any disruption
to the supply of electricity or other utilities may disrupt the services that are provided at our franchisee clinics and our clinics
in Vietnam and Singapore. This could adversely affect our ability to provide cosmetic services to the customers of our franchisee clinics
and our clinics in Vietnam and Singapore, and consequently may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations since
we receive substantial revenue from the MCs as part of our compensation for management services. In addition, fire, natural disasters,
pandemics or extreme weather, including droughts, floods, typhoons or other storms, or excessive cold or heat, could cause power outages,
fuel shortages, water shortages, damage to our franchisee clinics and our clinics in Vietnam and Singapore, or disruption of transportation
channels, any of which could impair or interfere with the operations of our franchisee clinics and our clinics in Vietnam and Singapore.
We cannot assure you that such events will not happen in the future or that we will be able to take adequate measures to mitigate the
likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively respond to such events if they occur.

Our
business and prospects depend significantly on our ability to build our Shonan Beauty Clinic brand.

Our
business and prospects are heavily dependent on our ability to build, maintain and strengthen the Shonan Beauty Clinic brand. If we do
not continue to establish, maintain and strengthen our brand, we may lose the opportunity to build a larger mass of customers for our
franchisee clinics. Promoting and positioning our brand will likely depend significantly on our franchisee clinics’ ability to
provide high-quality cosmetic treatments and engage with the customers as intended. In addition, we expect that our ability to develop,
maintain and strengthen the Shonan Beauty Clinic brand will also depend heavily on the success of our branding efforts. Such efforts
mainly include advertising for the franchisee clinics as part of the management services that we provide to the MCs. To promote our brand,
we may be required to change our branding practices, which could result in substantially increased expenses. If we do not develop and
maintain a strong brand, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results will be materially and adversely impacted.

Our
Shonan Beauty Clinic brand could be subject to adverse publicity if incidents related to the services provided at our franchisee clinics
or our clinics in Vietnam or Singapore have occurred, whether or not we are at fault. In particular, given the popularity of social media,
including Facebook, X (formerly Twitter), TikTok, Linkedin and Instagram in Japan, any negative publicity, regardless of its truthfulness,
could quickly proliferate and harm consumer perceptions of and confidence in our brand. Furthermore, we may be affected by adverse publicity
related to our franchisees or other partners, whether or not such publicity is related to their collaboration with us. Our ability to
successfully position our brand could also be adversely affected by perceptions of the quality of the services at our franchisee clinics
and our clinics in Vietnam and Singapore. In addition, from time to time, the services at our franchisee clinics and our clinics in Vietnam
and Singapore are evaluated and reviewed by third party customers. Any unfavorable reviews could adversely affect consumer perceptions
of our brand and the quality of services provided at our franchisee clinics and our clinics in Vietnam and Singapore.

Our
employees, agents, business partners or subcontractors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, which could cause us to
lose contracts, expose us to damages, harm our reputation and diminish investor confidence in our company.

We
are exposed to the risk that an employee or subcontractor could commit fraud or other misconduct, including noncompliance with laws (including
anti-bribery laws) or insider trading, which could subject us to civil or criminal investigations in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions,
lead to civil and criminal penalties and related stockholder lawsuits, cause us to incur significant legal fees, and damage our reputation.
As discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report, in January 2024, in connection with a routine tax examination of SBC Medical Group Co.,
Ltd.’s income tax returns, the Japanese tax authority discovered misappropriations of SBC Medical Group Co., Ltd. funds by a former
director of general affairs and legal department of L’Ange Cosmetique Co., Ltd., which is a subsidiary of SBC Medical Group Co.,
Ltd. (the “former director”), not a relative of the CEO of SBC Medical Group Co., Ltd. or any identified related party, who
received kickbacks from multiple vendors of SBC Japan (collectively with the former director, the “participants”). The investigation,
which was completed in March 2024, revealed that the participants had misappropriated approximately JPY632 million ($5.6 million), including
consumption tax, from SBC Medical Group Co., Ltd., of which the former director received approximately JPY335 million ($3.0 million),
between April 2016 and the discovery of the misappropriations in January 2024. This discovery has required us to incur investigative
expenses, required us to restate certain past annual financial statements, subjected us to certain government investigations, and diverted
management attention away from other activities of the business. Were we to discover additional instances of employee fraud or misconduct,
we anticipate such discovery would have similar adverse effects on our business and operations.

Employee
or subcontractor misconduct could involve the improper use of our customers’ sensitive or classified information, which could result
in regulatory sanctions against us, liability to third parties, and serious harm to our reputation and could result in a loss of customers
and a reduction in revenue or profitability.

We
maintain a system of internal controls to prevent such occurrences, but it is not always possible to deter employee or subcontractor
misconduct, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged
risks or losses. Any instances of employee or subcontractor fraud or misconduct could cause us to lose customers, cause a reduction in
our revenue, expose us to damages, harm our reputation and diminish investor confidence in our company.

Any
decline in the business of our business partners or the deterioration of our relationship with them could have a material adverse effect
on our operating results.

We
collaborate with various business partners to promote our Shonan Beauty Clinic brand. There can be no guarantee that those business partners
will continue to collaborate with us in the future. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our business partners, or the
business of our business partners declines, the reach of our products and services may be adversely affected and our ability to maintain
and expand our user base may decrease.

Most
of the agreements with our business partners do not prohibit them from working with our competitors or from offering competing services.
If our partners change their standard terms and conditions in a manner that is detrimental to our business, or if our business partners
decide not to continue working with us, or choose to devote more resources to supporting our competitors or their own competing products,
we may not be able to find a substitute on commercially favorable terms, or at all, and our competitive advantages may diminish.

Safety
issues or public perceptions of safety issues concerning cosmetic services could have a material adverse impact on our business.

We
believe that the cosmetic services provided at our franchisee clinics and our clinics in Vietnam, Singapore and United States are generally
safe, however, there is a possibility of risk when undergoing any cosmetic procedure. On rare occasions, a cosmetic procedure may not
go as planned, which may result in an adverse reaction, injury, accidents, casualty, or damages, and subject us to lawsuits.

Also,
negative public perceptions regarding the safety of cosmetic procedures, even if such incident does not involve our franchisee clinics
or our clinics in Vietnam, Singapore or United States, could seriously harm our business. While we have implemented safety procedures
related to the provision of cosmetic services at our franchisee clinics and our clinic, a safety issue related to the cosmetic services
provided could disrupt our operations, which could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and result of operations
or could lead to adverse publicity.

If
our franchisee clinics or our clinics in Vietnam or Singapore fail to comply with environmental and work safety laws and regulations,
the Company and the franchisee clinics could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could harm our business.

The
Company, its subsidiaries, and the MCs are subject to numerous environmental and work safety laws and regulations. For more details,
see “Part I, Item 1. Business — Government Regulation and Environmental Matters” in this Annual Report. The Company,
its subsidiaries, and the MCs also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties for failure to
comply with such laws and regulations. Environmental and social laws and regulations have tended to become increasingly stringent. There
has been increased global focus on environmental and social issues and it is possible that countries may potentially adopt more stringent
standards or new regulations in these areas. To the extent regulatory changes occur in the future, they could result in, among other
things, increased costs to the Company, its subsidiaries, and the MCs. In addition, the Company, its subsidiaries, and the MCs may incur
substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental and work safety laws and regulations. These current or future
laws and regulations may impair our franchisee clinic growth efforts. The Company, its subsidiaries, and the MCs’ failure to comply
with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions, which could directly result in a
material adverse effect with respect to the Company and/or its subsidiaries, since we receive substantial revenue from the MCs as part
of our compensation for management services.

If
our business partners, independent contractors, suppliers, or franchisee clinics fail to use ethical business practices and comply with
applicable laws and regulations, our brand image could be harmed due to negative publicity beyond our own control.

Our
reputation is sensitive to allegations of unethical business practices. We do not control the business practices of our business partners,
independent contractors, suppliers, or franchisee clinics (except to the extent of the guidelines that we provided to the franchisee
clinics). Accordingly, we cannot guarantee their compliance with ethical business practices, such as environmental responsibilities,
fair wage practices, and compliance with child labor laws, among others. A lack of demonstrated compliance could lead us to seek alternative
business partners, independent contractors, or suppliers, which could increase our costs and result in disruptions of our operations.
Violation of labor or other laws by our business partners, independent contractors, suppliers, or franchisee clinics or the divergence
of their labor or other practices from those generally accepted as ethical in the markets in which we do business could also attract
negative publicity, diminish our brand image and reduce demand for cosmetic services at our franchisee clinics and our clinics in Vietnam
and Singapore.

Failure
to safeguard personal information could subject us to penalties, damage our reputation and brand, and harm our business and results of
operations.

The
regulatory framework for privacy and personal information security issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely 

[Section truncated]