ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

Our business activities expose us to a variety of risks. Identifying, monitoring, and managing these risks is essential to the success of our operations and the financial soundness of H&R Block. Senior management and the Board of Directors, acting as a whole and through its committees, take an active role in our risk management process and have delegated certain activities related to the oversight of risk management to the Company's enterprise risk management (ERM) team and the Enterprise Risk Committee, which is comprised of Vice Presidents of major business and control functions and members of the ERM team. The Company’s ERM team, working in coordination with the Enterprise Risk Committee, is responsible for identifying and monitoring risk exposures and related mitigation and leading the continued development of our risk management policies and practices. 

An investment in our securities involves risk, including the risk that the value of that investment may decline or that returns on that investment may fall below expectations. There are a number of factors that could cause actual conditions, events, or results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements, many of which are beyond management's control or its ability to accurately estimate or predict, or that could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, cash flows, and the value of an investment in our securities. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. We could also be affected by other events, factors, or uncertainties that are presently unknown to us or that we do not currently consider to be significant risks to our business. These risks may be exacerbated by the effects of local, national, and global conditions or events, including macroeconomic, political, geopolitical, or public health conditions or events, which may cause significant instability.

STRATEGIC AND INDUSTRY RISKS

Changes in applicable tax laws have had, and may in the future have, a negative impact on the demand for and pricing of our services. Government changes in tax filing or IRS processes may adversely affect our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

The U.S. government has in the past made, and may in the future make, changes to the individual income tax provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, tax regulations, and the rules and procedures for implementing such laws and regulations. In addition, taxing authorities or other relevant governing bodies in various federal, state, local, and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate may change the income tax laws in their respective jurisdictions, and such laws may vary greatly across the various jurisdictions. It is difficult to predict the manner in which future changes to the Internal Revenue Code, tax regulations, and the rules and procedures for implementing such laws and regulations, and state, local, and foreign tax laws may impact us and the tax return preparation industry. Such future changes could decrease the demand or the amount we charge for our services, and, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

In addition, taxing authorities in various federal, state, local, and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate have introduced measures seeking to simplify or otherwise modify the preparation and filing of tax returns or the issuance of refunds in their respective jurisdictions. For example, from time to time, U.S. federal and state governments have considered various proposals through which the respective governmental taxing authorities would use taxpayer information provided by employers, financial institutions, and other payers to "pre-populate," prepare, and calculate tax returns and distribute them to taxpayers. There are various initiatives from time to time seeking to expedite, reduce, or change the timing of refunds, which could reduce the demand for certain of our services or financial products. 

 The adoption or expansion of any measures that significantly simplify tax return preparation, or otherwise reduce the need for third-party tax return preparation services or financial products, including governmental encroachment at the U.S. federal and state levels, as well as in foreign jurisdictions, could reduce demand for our 

8

2025 Form 10-K | H&R Block, Inc.

services and products and could have a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Increased competition for clients could adversely affect our current market share and profitability.

We face substantial competition throughout our businesses. All categories in the tax return preparation industry are highly competitive, and additional competitors have entered, and in the future may enter, the market to provide tax preparation services or products. In the assisted tax services category, there are a substantial number of tax return preparation firms and accounting firms offering tax return preparation services. Commercial tax return preparers are highly competitive with regard to price and service. In DIY and virtual, options include various forms of digital electronic assistance, including online and mobile applications, and desktop software, all of which we offer. Our DIY and virtual services and products compete with a number of online and software solutions, primarily on price and functionality. Individual tax filers may elect to change their tax preparation method, choosing from among various assisted, DIY, and virtual offerings. 

Technology advances quickly and in new and unexpected ways, and it is difficult to predict the manner in which these changes will impact the tax return preparation industry, the problems we may encounter in enhancing our services and products, or the time and resources we may need to devote to the creation, support, and maintenance of technological enhancements. New technologies we utilize, such as those related to artificial intelligence, machine learning, automation, and algorithms, involve risks and may have unexpected consequences, which may be due to their limitations, potential manipulation or unintended uses, or our failure to use or implement them effectively. There can be no assurance that we or our clients will realize the expected benefits from our investments in these new technologies. If: (1) we are slow to enhance our services, products, or technologies; (2) our competitors are able to achieve results more quickly than us; (3) there are new and unexpected entrants into the industry; or (4) there are new technologies available that provide products or services that compete with ours, we may lose, or fail to capture a significant share of the market. 

Additionally, we and many other tax return preparation firms compete by offering one or more of RTs, prepaid cards, RAs, other financial services and products, and other tax-related services and products, many of which are subject to regulatory scrutiny, litigation, and other risks. From time to time we may make changes to certain of our services and products and we can make no assurances that we will be able to offer, or that we will continue to offer, all of these services and products. Any such changes to our services or products or any failure to continue offering such services and products could negatively impact our financial results and ability to compete. Intense competition could result in a reduction of our market share, lower revenues, lower margins, and lower profitability. In addition, our small business solutions face intense competition, and we may be unsuccessful in competing with other providers, which may diminish our revenue and profitability, and harm our ability to acquire and retain clients.

We may not be effective in achieving our strategic and operating objectives.

Beginning in fiscal year 2026, we are launching a new growth strategy. While we believe that we have identified and will continue to identify strategic objectives that are appropriate, it is possible that our objectives may not deliver projected long-term growth in revenue and profitability due to competition, inadequate execution, incorrect assumptions, sub-optimal resource allocation, or other reasons, including any of the other risks described in this “Risk Factors” section. 

As a part of our strategy, we expect to continue to seek growth through acquisitions. Our future growth and profitability may depend, in part, upon our successful execution of those acquisitions. However, we may not be able to execute on our acquisition growth strategy due to a number of factors, including an inability to identify sufficient suitable acquisition candidates, an unwillingness of businesses to sell to us, an inability to generate the funds necessary to fully execute desired acquisitions, or an inability to successfully integrate acquired businesses into our business model and operate them effectively.

If we are unable to realize the desired benefits from our business strategy, our ability to compete across our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows could be adversely affected.

H&R Block, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K

9

Offers of free services or products could adversely affect our revenues and profitability.

U.S. federal, state, and foreign governmental authorities in certain jurisdictions in which we operate currently offer, or facilitate the offering of, tax return preparation and electronic filing options to taxpayers at no charge, and certain volunteer organizations also prepare tax returns at no charge for low-income taxpayers. In addition, many of our competitors offer certain tax preparation services and products, and other financial services and products, at no charge. Government tax authorities, volunteer organizations, our competitors, and potential new market entrants have implemented, and may expand free offerings in the future. For example, in tax seasons 2024 and 2025, the IRS offered a limited free direct tax filing system, which it may continue or expand in the future. In addition, certain members of private industry offer free DIY tax software to certain taxpayers through Free File, Inc., which operates under an agreement among the IRS and those industry participants that is currently set to expire in October 2029. Taxpayer adoption of these or similar programs could expand in the future, including in the event of increased awareness and support. As a result of these or other programs, the government has, and could further, become our direct competitor, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

In order to compete, we have offered certain, and may in the future offer, additional services and products at no charge. There can be no assurance that we will be able to attract clients or effectively ensure the migration of clients from our free offerings to those for which we receive fees, and clients who have formerly paid for our offerings may elect to use free offerings instead. These competitive factors may diminish our revenue and profitability, or harm our ability to acquire and retain clients, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

Our businesses may be adversely affected by difficult economic, geopolitical or public health conditions.

Unfavorable changes in economic conditions, which are typically beyond our control, including without limitation, inflation, slowing growth, rising interest rates, recession, changes in the political climate, significant armed conflicts, acts of war or terrorism, supply chain or labor market disruptions, tariffs or trade wars, banking or financial market disruptions, pandemics or endemics, or other adverse changes, could negatively affect our business and financial condition. Difficult economic conditions are frequently characterized by high unemployment levels and declining consumer and business spending. These poor economic conditions may negatively affect demand and pricing for our services and products. In the event of difficult economic conditions that include high unemployment levels, clients may elect not to file tax returns or utilize lower cost preparation and filing alternatives. 

In addition, difficult economic conditions may disproportionately impact small business owners. Our small business revenues may be negatively impacted in the event of a sustained economic slowdown or recession. Difficult economic conditions, including an economic recession or high inflationary period, could have a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

OPERATIONAL AND EXECUTION RISKS

Our failure to effectively address fraud within our offerings could have a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

Many industries have experienced an increased variety and amount of attempted fraudulent activities by third parties, and those fraudulent activities are becoming increasingly sophisticated through the use of artificial intelligence, social engineering, and other technological developments and strategies. Though this fraud is not uniquely targeted at our offerings, our failure to effectively address any such fraud may adversely impact our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. A number of companies, including those in the tax return preparation and financial services industries, have reported instances where criminals created new accounts, or gained access to consumer information or user accounts maintained on their systems by using stolen identity information (e.g., email, username, password information, or credit history) obtained from third-party sources. We have experienced, and in the future may continue to experience, this form of unauthorized and illegal use and/or access to our systems, despite no breach in the security of our systems. 

In addition to losses directly from such fraud, which could occur in some cases, we may also suffer a loss of confidence by our clients or by governmental agencies in our ability to detect and mitigate fraudulent activity, and 

10

2025 Form 10-K | H&R Block, Inc.

such governmental authorities may refuse to allow us to continue to offer such services or products. For example, a person with malicious intent may create a new account with stolen information or unlawfully take existing user account and password information from our clients to electronically file fraudulent federal and state tax returns, which could impede our clients' ability to file their tax returns and receive refunds (or other amounts due) and diminish public perception of the security and reliability of our services and products, despite no breach in the security of our systems. We have also experienced, and may in the future continue to experience, first party fraud, whereby an individual uses their own identity or account to engage in fraudulent activities. 

Governmental authorities in jurisdictions in which we operate have taken action, and may in the future take additional action, in an attempt to combat identity theft or other fraud, which may require changes to our systems and business practices, or those of third parties on which we rely, that cannot be anticipated. These actions may have a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

 Furthermore, as fraudulent activity continues to become more pervasive and sophisticated, fraud detection and prevention measures that we implement could make it less convenient for legitimate clients to obtain and use our services and products, which may adversely affect the demand for our services and products, our reputation, and our financial performance.

An interruption in our information systems, or those of our franchisees or a third party on which we rely, or an interruption in our access to the internet, could have a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

We, our franchisees, and other third parties material to our business operations rely heavily upon communications, networks, and information systems and the internet to conduct our business (including third-party internet-based or cloud computing services, and the information systems of our key vendors). These networks, systems, and operations are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from upgrades and maintenance, network failure, hardware failure, software failure, power or telecommunications failures, cyberattacks, human error, and natural disasters. As our tax preparation business is seasonal, our systems must be capable of processing high volumes during our peak periods. Therefore, any failure or interruption in our information systems, or information systems of our franchisees or a private or government third party on which we rely, or an interruption in our access to the internet or other critical business capability during our busiest periods, could negatively impact our business operations and reputation, and increase our risk of loss.

We have experienced systems outages in the past, and there can be no assurance that system or internet failures or interruptions in critical business capabilities will not occur in the future, and, if they do occur, that we, our franchisees or the private or governmental third parties on whom we rely, will adequately address them. The precautionary measures that we, or third parties on whom we rely, have implemented to avoid systems outages and to minimize the effects of any data or communication systems interruptions or failures may not be adequate, and we and such third parties may not have anticipated or addressed all of the potential events that could threaten or undermine our or such third parties' information systems or other critical business capabilities. We do not have redundancy for all of our systems and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. Our software and computer systems utilize cloud computing services provided by Microsoft Corporation. If the Microsoft Azure Cloud is unavailable for any reason, it could negatively impact our ability to deliver our services and products and our clients may not be able to access certain of our products or features, any of which could significantly impact our operations, business, and financial results.

The occurrence of any systems or internet failure, or other business interruption, could negatively impact our ability to serve our clients, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

Any significant delays in launching our tax service and product offerings, changes in government regulations or processes (including the acceptance of tax returns and the issuance of refunds and other amounts to clients by the IRS or state tax agencies) that affect how we provide such offerings to our clients, or significant problems 

H&R Block, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K

11

with such offerings or the manner in which we provide them to our clients may harm our revenue, results of operations, and reputation.

Tax laws and tax forms are subject to change each year, and the nature and timing of such changes are unpredictable. As a part of our business, we must incorporate any changes to tax laws and tax forms into our tax service and product offerings, including our online and mobile applications and desktop software. The unpredictable nature, timing and effective dates of changes to tax laws and tax forms can result in condensed development cycles for our tax service and product offerings because our clients expect high levels of accuracy and a timely launch of such offerings to prepare and file their taxes by the applicable tax filing deadlines and, in turn, receive any tax refund amounts on a timely basis. From time to time, we review and enhance our quality controls for preparing accurate tax returns, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to prevent all inaccuracies. 

Further, changes in governmental regulations or a significant reduction in governmental resources could result in a delay of the start of the tax season or in processing returns, create uncertainty, or result in further and unanticipated changes in requirements or processes, which may require us to make corresponding changes to our client service systems and procedures immediately prior to, or during, a tax season. In addition, unanticipated changes in governmental processes, or newly implemented processes, for (1) accepting tax filings and related forms, including the ability of taxing authorities to accept electronic tax return filings, or (2) distributing tax refunds or other amounts to clients, may result in processing delays by us or applicable taxing authorities.

Certain of our financial products are dependent on the IRS following the client’s directions to direct deposit the tax refund. If the IRS disregards this direction, and sends the tax refund via check, then it could result in a loss of tax preparation and financial product revenue, negative publicity, and client dissatisfaction. In addition, any delays in launching new or existing financial service or product offerings, or technical or other issues associated with the launch, could cause a loss of revenue, a loss of clients, or client dissatisfaction, especially if such issues occur during the tax season.

Any major defects or delays caused by the above-described complexities may lead to loss of clients and loss of or delay in revenue, negative publicity, client dissatisfaction, a deterioration in our business relationships with our partners or our franchisees, exposure to litigation, and increased operating expenses, even if any such launch delays or defects are not caused by us. Any of the risks described above could have a material adverse effect on our business, our reputation, and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

We rely on a single vendor or a limited number of vendors to provide certain key services or products, and the loss of such relationships, the inability of these key vendors to meet our needs, or errors by the key vendors in providing services to or for us, could have a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

Historically, we have contracted, and in the future we will likely continue to contract, with a single vendor or a limited number of vendors to provide certain key services or products for our tax, financial, and other services and products. A few examples of this type of reliance include: our relationships with Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (FIS), Galileo Financial Technologies, LLC, or similar vendors, for data processing and card production services; Pathward®, N.A. (Pathward), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pathward Financial, Inc., for the issuance of RTs, EAs, RAs, Emerald Cards, and Spruce accounts; and Microsoft Corporation, for technology. In certain instances, we are vulnerable to vendor error, service inefficiencies, data breaches, service interruptions, or service delays, and such issues by our key vendors in providing services to or for us could result in material losses for us due to the nature of the services being provided or our contractual relationships with our vendors. If any material adverse event were to affect one of our key vendors or if we are no longer able to contract with our key vendors for any reason, we may be forced to find an alternative provider for these critical services. It may not be possible to find a replacement vendor on terms that are acceptable to us or at all.

 Our sensitivity to any of these issues may be heightened (1) due to the seasonality of our business, (2) with respect to any vendor that we utilize for the provision of any product or service that has specialized expertise, (3) with respect to any vendor that is a sole or exclusive provider, or (4) with respect to any vendor whose indemnification obligations are limited or that does not have the financial capacity to satisfy its indemnification obligations. Some of our vendors are subject to the oversight of regulatory bodies and, as a result, our product or service offerings may be affected by the actions or decisions of such regulatory bodies. If our vendors are unable to 

12

2025 Form 10-K | H&R Block, Inc.

meet our needs and we are not able to develop alternative sources for these services and products quickly and cost-effectively, or if a key vendor were to commit a major error or suffer a material adverse event, it could result in a material and adverse impact on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

The specialized and highly seasonal nature of our business presents financial risks and operational and human capital challenges.

Our business is highly seasonal, with the substantial portion of our revenue earned from February through April in a typical year. The concentration of our revenue-generating activity during this relatively short period presents a number of challenges for us, including (1) cash and resource management during the remainder of our fiscal year, when we generally operate at a loss and incur fixed costs and costs of preparing for the upcoming tax season, (2) responding to changes in competitive conditions, including marketing, pricing, and new product offerings, which could affect our position during the tax season, (3) disruptions, delays, or extensions in a tax season, including those caused by reduced governmental resources (including workforce reductions), pandemics, or severe weather, (4) client dissatisfaction issues or negative social media campaigns, which may not be timely discovered or satisfactorily addressed, and (5) ensuring optimal uninterrupted operations and service delivery during the tax season, which may be disrupted by natural or manmade disasters, extreme weather conditions, pandemics or endemics, catastrophes, or a wide variety of events within or outside of our control. Any unanticipated changes to federal or state tax filing deadlines may further amplify the impact of seasonality on our business and affect the comparability of our financial results from period to period. If we experience significant business disruptions during the tax season or if we are unable to effectively address the challenges described above and related challenges associated with a seasonal business, we could experience a loss, disruption, or change in timing of business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

We rely on the performance of key personnel, including our executive leadership and other key associates, and we may be unable to attract and retain key personnel or fully control or accurately predict our labor costs.

Our business depends on our ability to attract, develop, motivate, and retain key personnel in a timely manner, including members of our executive team and those in seasonal tax preparation positions (which may be required on short notice during any extended tax season or to serve extended filers) or with other required specialized expertise, such as technical positions (including with respect to cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, and machine learning). Changes in our management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives and key associates from time to time could disrupt our business. Executive leadership transition periods may negatively impact operations due to increased or unanticipated expenses, operational inefficiencies, uncertainty, decreased employee morale and productivity, or increased turnover.

The market for key personnel is extremely competitive, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts to attract and retain the required qualified personnel within necessary timeframes, or at expected cost levels. As the global labor market continues to evolve, our current and prospective key personnel may seek new or different opportunities based on pay levels, benefits, or remote work policies that are different from what we offer, or may determine to leave the workforce, making it difficult to attract and retain them. If we are unable to attract, develop, motivate, and retain key personnel, our business, operations, and financial results could be negatively impacted. In addition, if our costs of labor or related costs increase, if new or revised labor laws, rules, or regulations are adopted or implemented that impact our seasonal workforce and increase our labor costs, or if our labor costs are unpredictable due to tax season fluctuations or otherwise, there could be a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

Our business depends on our strong reputation and the value of our brands.

Developing and maintaining awareness of our brands is critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our existing and future services and products and is an important element in attracting new clients. In addition, our franchisees operate their businesses under our brands. Adverse publicity (whether or not justified) relating to events or activities involving or attributed to us, our franchisees, employees, vendors, or agents or our services or products, which may be enhanced due to the nature of social media, may tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brands. Our reputation also may be damaged by negative perceptions that our clients, employees, franchisees, and 

H&R Block, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K

13

shareholders may have about our action or inaction on social or political issues. In addition, steps have been taken to reduce government spending, including with respect to the IRS. A significant reduction in IRS resources may increase the likelihood of governmental delays or errors in processing returns or refunds, as well as poor customer service experiences, and clients may mistakenly attribute such delays, errors, or experiences to our services or products. Damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity may reduce demand for our services and products and thus have an adverse effect on our future financial results, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brands.

Failure to maintain sound business relationships with our franchisees may have a material adverse effect on our business and we may be subject to legal and other challenges resulting from our franchisee relationships.

Our financial success depends in part on our ability to maintain sound business relationships with our franchisees. The support of our franchisees is also critical for the success of our ongoing operations. Deterioration in our relationships with our franchisees could have a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

We also grant our franchisees a limited license to use our registered trademarks and, accordingly, there is risk that one or more of the franchisees may be alleged to be controlled by us. Third parties, regulators or courts may seek to hold us responsible for the actions or failures to act by our franchisees. Adverse outcomes related to legal actions could result in substantial damages and could cause our earnings to decline. Negative public opinion could also result from our or our franchisees’ actual or alleged conduct in such claims, possibly damaging our reputation, which, in turn, could adversely affect our business prospects and cause the market price of our securities to decline.

Our international operations are subject to risks that may harm our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

We have international operations, including tax preparation businesses in Canada and Australia, a technology and shared services center in India, a technology center in Ireland, and Wave in Canada. We may consider expansion opportunities in additional countries in the future and there is uncertainty about our ability to generate revenues from new or emerging foreign operations or expand into other international markets. Additionally, there are risks inherent in doing business internationally, including: (1) changes in trade regulations; (2) difficulties in managing foreign operations as a result of distance, language, and cultural differences; (3) profit repatriation restrictions and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; (4) geopolitical events, including acts of war and terrorism, and economic and political instability; (5) compliance with anti-corruption laws such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other applicable foreign anti-corruption laws; (6) compliance with U.S. and international laws and regulations, including those concerning privacy and data protection and retention; and (7) risks related to other government regulation or required compliance with local laws. These risks inherent in international operations could prevent us from expanding into other international markets or increase our costs of doing business internationally and could have a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

In addition, we prepare U.S. federal and state tax returns for taxpayers residing in foreign jurisdictions, including the European Union (EU), and we and certain of our franchisees operate and provide other services in foreign jurisdictions. As a result, certain aspects of our operations are subject, or may in the future become subject, to the laws, regulations, and policies of those jurisdictions that regulate the collection, use, and transfer of personal information, which may be more stringent than those of the U.S., including, but not limited to the EU General Data Protection Regulation, the Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, and Canadian Provincial legislation.

Costs for us to comply with such laws, regulations, and policies that are applicable to us could be significant. We may also face audits or investigations by one or more foreign governmental agencies relating to these laws, regulations, and policies that could result in the imposition of penalties or fines.

14

2025 Form 10-K | H&R Block, Inc.

INFORMATION SECURITY, CYBERSECURITY, AND DATA PRIVACY RISKS

Compliance with the complex and evolving laws, regulations, standards, and contractual requirements regarding privacy and data protection could require changes in our business practices and increase costs of operation; failure to comply could result in significant claims, fines, penalties, and damages.

Due to the nature of our business, we collect, use, and retain large amounts of personal information and data pertaining to clients, including tax return information, financial product and service information, and social security numbers. In addition, we collect, use, and retain personal information and data of our employees in the ordinary course of our business.

We are subject to laws, rules, and regulations relating to the collection, use, disclosure, and security of such consumer and employee personal information, which have drawn increased attention from U.S. federal, state, and foreign governmental authorities in jurisdictions in which we operate. In the U.S., the IRS generally requires a tax return preparer to obtain the written consent of the taxpayer prior to using or disclosing the taxpayer's tax return information for certain purposes other than tax return preparation, which may limit our ability to market revenue-generating products to our clients. In addition, other regulations require financial institutions to adopt and disclose their consumer privacy notice and generally provide consumers with a reasonable opportunity to "opt-out" of having nonpublic personal information disclosed to unaffiliated third parties for certain purposes.

Numerous jurisdictions have passed, and may in the future pass, new laws related to the collection, use, and retention of consumer or employee information and this area continues to be an area of interest for U.S. federal, state, and foreign governmental authorities. For example, several states have adopted comprehensive privacy laws. Subject to certain exceptions, many of these laws impose requirements on how businesses collect, process, manage, and retain certain personal information, and they often provide individuals with various rights regarding personal information collected by a business. In addition, other jurisdictions have adopted or may in the future adopt their own different privacy laws These laws may contain different requirements or may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Furthermore, various jurisdictions are considering regulatory frameworks for artificial intelligence and have passed, or may in the future pass, laws and regulations that impact existing privacy and data protection requirements.

Our current privacy and data protection policies and practices may not be consistent with all of those requirements, interpretations, or applications. In addition, changes in U.S. federal and state regulatory requirements, as well as requirements imposed by governmental authorities in foreign jurisdictions in which we operate, could result in more stringent requirements and a need to change business practices, including the types of information we can use and the manner in which we can use such information. Establishing systems and processes, or making changes to our existing policies, to achieve compliance with these complex and evolving requirements may increase our costs or limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities. There can be no assurance that we will successfully comply in all circumstances. We are, and may in the future be, subject to regulatory investigations, claims and legal actions related to the collection, use, sharing, and/or retention of information, which could lead to further inquiries, further legal actions, other regulatory or legislative actions, harm to our reputation and brands, fines, penalties, and other damages.

We have incurred, and may continue to incur, significant expenses to comply with existing or future privacy and data security standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards or contractual obligations.

A security breach of our systems, or third-party systems on which we rely, resulting in unauthorized access to personal information of our clients or employees or other sensitive, nonpublic information, may adversely affect the demand for our services and products, our reputation, and financial performance.

We offer a range of services and products to our clients, including tax return preparation solutions, financial services and products, and small business solutions through our company-owned or franchise offices and online. Due to the nature of these services and products, we use multiple digital technologies to collect, transmit, and store high volumes of client personal information. We also collect, use, and retain other sensitive, nonpublic information, such as employee social security numbers, healthcare information, and payroll information, as well as confidential, nonpublic business information. Certain third parties and vendors have access to personal information to help deliver client benefits, services, and products, or may host certain of our and our clients’ sensitive and personal information and data. Information security risks continue to increase due in part to the 

H&R Block, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K

15

increased adoption of and reliance upon digital technologies by companies and consumers, as well as the advancements of technologies like artificial intelligence, which malicious third parties are using to create new, sophisticated approaches and more frequent attacks. Our risk and exposure to these matters remain heightened due to a variety of factors including, among other things, (1) the evolving nature of these threats and related regulation, (2) the increased activity and sophistication of hostile foreign governments, organized crime, cyber criminals, and hackers that may initiate cyberattacks against us or third-party systems on which we rely using technology and other strategies that continue to evolve, including artificial intelligence and social engineering, (3) the prominence of our brand, (4) our and our franchisees' extensive office footprint, (5) our plans to continue to implement strategies for our online and mobile applications and our desktop software, (6) our use of third-party vendors, (7) our use of certain new technologies, such as artificial intelligence and machine learning, and (8) the usage of remote working arrangements by our associates, franchisees, and third-party vendors, which has significantly expanded in recent years.

Cybersecurity risks may result from fraud or malice from external or internal actors (a cyberattack), human error, or accidental technological failure. Cyberattacks are designed to electronically circumvent network security for malicious purposes such as unlawfully obtaining personal information, extortion, disrupting our ability to offer services, damaging our brand and reputation, stealing our intellectual property, or advancing social or political agendas. We face a variety of cyberattack threats including malware, phishing attacks, social engineering, denial of service attacks, ransomware, and other sophisticated attacks.

Although we use security and business controls to limit access to and use of personal information and expend significant resources to maintain multiple levels of protection to address or otherwise mitigate the risk of a security breach, such measures do not and cannot provide absolute security. We regularly test our systems to discover and address potential vulnerabilities, and we rely on training and testing of our employees regarding heightened phishing and social engineering threats. We also conduct certain background checks on our employees, as allowed by law. Due to the structure of our business model, we also rely on our franchisees, vendors, and other private and governmental third parties to maintain secure systems and respond to cybersecurity risks. Where appropriate, we impose certain requirements and controls on these third parties, but it is possible that they may not appropriately employ these controls or that such controls (or their own separate requirements and controls) may be insufficient to protect personal information. 

Cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes, and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data, and networks from attack, damage, or unauthorized access remain a top priority for us. As risks and regulations continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities. Notwithstanding these efforts, there can be no assurance that a security breach, intrusion, or loss or theft of personal information will not occur. In addition, the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access change frequently, become more sophisticated, and are often difficult to detect until after a successful attack, causing us to be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures in all cases.

Unauthorized access to personal information has in the past, and may in the future, cause us to determine that it is required or advisable for us to notify affected individuals, regulators, or others under applicable privacy laws and regulations or otherwise. Security breach remediation could also require us to expend significant resources to assist impacted individuals, repair damaged systems, implement modified information security measures, and maintain client and business relationships. Other consequences could include reduced client demand for our services and products, loss of valuable intellectual property, reduced growth and profitability and negative impacts to future financial results, loss of our ability to deliver one or more services or products (e.g., inability to provide financial services or products or to accept and process client credit card transactions or tax returns), modifying or stopping existing business practices, legal actions, harm to our reputation and brands, fines, penalties, and other damages, and further regulation and oversight by U.S. federal, state, or foreign governmental authorities.

A security breach or other unauthorized access to our systems, or third-party systems on which we rely, could have a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

16

2025 Form 10-K | H&R Block, Inc.

LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS

Regulations promulgated by federal and state regulators may affect our financial services and products businesses in new or unexpected ways, which may impact our ability to offer certain financial services or products or require changes to certain financial services or products.

Federal and state regulators have broad powers to administer, investigate compliance with, and enforce laws governing financial services and products. In addition, state or local jurisdictions in which we operate have passed, and may in the future pass, new laws related to banking and the offering of financial products. These laws may contain different requirements or may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Regulators may interpret existing laws, regulations, and rules in new and different ways as they attempt to apply them more broadly. For example, bank partnership arrangements are increasingly subject to heightened scrutiny at the federal and state level. It is difficult to predict how currently proposed or new regulations, or new interpretations of existing regulations, may impact the financial products we offer.

Federal or state regulators may examine, investigate, and take enforcement actions against our subsidiaries that offer consumer financial services and products, as well as financial institutions and other third parties upon which our subsidiaries rely to provide consumer financial services and products. Federal and state regulators also have certain authority in enforcing and promulgating laws governing financial services and products. As a result, some regulators have issued new and broader laws and others may in the future, including certain state regulations that are more comprehensive than existing U.S. federal regulations. In addition, state attorneys general may in some cases bring actions to enforce federal laws.

Currently proposed or new federal and state laws and regulations, or expanded interpretations of current laws and regulations that differ from our existing interpretations, may result in legal actions, may impact our ability to offer certain financial products, or may require changes to the financial products we offer, our services or contracts, and this could have a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

Laws and regulations or other regulatory actions could have an adverse effect on our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

Our tax preparation business and operations are subject to various forms of government regulation, including U.S. federal requirements regarding the signature and inclusion of identification numbers on tax returns and tax return retention requirements. U.S. federal laws also subject income tax return preparers to accuracy-related penalties, and preparers may be prohibited from continuing to act as income tax return preparers if they repeatedly engage in specified misconduct. We are also subject to, among other things, advertising standards for electronic tax return filers, and to possible monitoring by the IRS, and if deemed appropriate, the IRS could impose various penalties, including suspension from the IRS electronic filing program. Many states and local jurisdictions have laws regulating tax professionals or the offering of income tax courses, which are in addition to and may be different than federal requirements.

In addition, our franchising activities are subject to various rules and regulations, including requirements to furnish prospective franchisees with a prescribed franchise disclosure document. Substantive state laws regulating the franchisor/franchisee relationship presently exist in a large number of states. These state laws often limit, among other things, the duration and scope of non-competition provisions, the ability of a franchisor to terminate or refuse to renew a franchise contract and the ability of a franchisor to designate sources of supply. In addition, bills have been introduced from time to time that would provide for federal regulation of the franchisor/franchisee relationship in certain respects or that would impact the traditional nature of the 

[Section truncated]