ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

OVERVIEW

H&R Block provides help and inspires confidence in its clients and communities everywhere through global tax preparation services, financial products, and small business solutions. We blend digital innovation with human expertise and care to help people get the best outcome at tax time and also be better with money by using our mobile banking app, Spruce℠. Through Block Advisors and Wave, we help small-business owners thrive with year-round bookkeeping, payroll, advisory and payment processing solutions.

H&R Block, Inc. was organized as a corporation in 1955 under the laws of the State of Missouri. A complete list of our subsidiaries as of June 30, 2025 can be found in Exhibit 21.

During fiscal year 2025, we prepared

11.3 million U.S. assisted tax returns(1)

and our clients filed

3.8 million DIY online paid tax returns(1)

which contributed to our consolidated revenues of

$3.8 billion,

net income from continuing operations of

$609.5 million,

EBITDA(2) from continuing operations of 

$976.3 million,

and diluted EPS from continuing operations of 

$4.42 per share.

We repurchased

6.5 million shares of our common stock,

and declared dividends of

$1.50 per share,

which was an increase of

$0.22, or 17.2%, per share from the prior year.

(1) U.S. assisted tax returns prepared includes tax returns prepared in U.S. company-owned and franchise operations, including virtual returns. An assisted tax return is defined as a current or prior year individual or business tax return that has been accepted by the client. A DIY online paid return is defined as a current year individual or business tax return that has been accepted by the client.

(2) See "Non-GAAP Financial Information" in Item 7 for a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures.

2

2025 Form 10-K | H&R Block, Inc.

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

On July 11, 2025, we entered into a Fifth Amended and Restated Credit and Guarantee Agreement, which amended and restated the existing unsecured committed line of credit (CLOC), extended the scheduled maturity date to July 11, 2030, maintained the aggregate principal amount of $1.5 billion, and revised the interest rate table. Other material terms remain substantially unchanged from our existing CLOC. See our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 15, 2025 for additional information.

On August 7, 2025, Jeffrey J. Jones II notified the Board of Directors of the Company of his intention to retire as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective as of December 31, 2025. Mr. Jones will also retire from the Board of Directors, effective on December 31, 2025. On August 8, 2025, the Board appointed Curtis A. Campbell, currently the Company's President, Global Consumer Tax and Chief Product Officer, to succeed Mr. Jones as President and Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately upon Mr. Jones’ retirement. See our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2025 for more information.

FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT INDUSTRY SEGMENTS

We provide assisted and do-it-yourself (DIY) tax preparation solutions through multiple channels (including in-person, online and mobile applications, virtual, and desktop software) and distribute H&R Block-branded services and products, including those of our bank partners, to the general public primarily in the United States (U.S.), Canada and Australia. Tax returns are either prepared by H&R Block tax professionals in one of our company-owned or franchise offices, virtually or via an online review or prepared and filed by our clients through our DIY tax solutions. We also offer small business solutions through our company-owned and franchise offices (including in-person, online and virtual) and online through Wave. We report a single segment that includes all of our continuing operations.

TAX PREPARATION SERVICES

Assisted income tax return preparation and related services are provided by tax professionals via a system of retail offices operated directly by us or our franchisees. These tax professionals provide assistance to our clients either in person or virtually in a number of ways. Clients can come into an office, digitally "drop off" their documents for their tax professional, approve their return online, or have a tax professional review a return they prepared themselves through Tax Pro Review®.

Our online software may be accessed through our website at www.hrblock.com or in a mobile application, while our desktop software may be purchased online and through third-party retail stores. Our generative AI powered technology, AI Tax Assist, and human help is offered to clients who prepare a paid DIY online return at no additional charge.

Assisted tax returns are covered by our 100% accuracy guarantee, whereby we will reimburse a client for penalties and interest attributable to an H&R Block error on a tax return. DIY tax returns are covered by our 100% accuracy guarantee, whereby we will reimburse a client (up to a maximum of $10,000 in the U.S.) if our software makes an arithmetic error that results in payment of penalties and/or interest to the respective taxing authority that the client would otherwise not have been required to pay.

We offer franchises as a way to expand our presence in certain geographic areas. In the U.S., our franchisees pay us approximately 30% of gross tax return preparation and related service revenues as a franchise royalty.

H&R Block, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K

3

OTHER OFFERINGS

During fiscal year 2025, we also offered U.S. clients a number of additional services, including Refund Transfers (RT), our Peace of Mind® Extended Service Plan (POM), H&R Block Emerald Prepaid Mastercard® (Emerald Card®), SpruceSM, H&R Block Emerald Advance® (EA) term loans, Tax Identity Shield® (TIS), Refund Advances (RA), and small business financial solutions. For our Canadian clients, we also offer POM, H&R Block's Instant Refund®, H&R Block Pay With Refund®, and small business financial solutions.

Refund Transfers. RTs enable clients to receive their tax refunds by their chosen method of disbursement and include a feature enabling clients to authorize payment of their tax preparation and related fees from their tax refunds. Depending on circumstances, clients may choose to receive their RT funds by a load to their Emerald Card®, a deposit to their SpruceSM spending account, by receiving a check or by direct deposit to an existing account. RTs are available to U.S. clients and are frequently obtained by those who: (1) do not have bank accounts into which the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) can direct deposit their refunds; (2) like the convenience and benefits of a temporary bank account for receipt of their refund; and/or (3) prefer to have their tax preparation fees paid directly out of their refunds. RTs are offered through our relationship with our bank partner. We offer a similar program, H&R Block Pay With Refund®, to our Canadian clients through a Canadian chartered bank.

Peace of Mind® Extended Service Plan. We offer POM to U.S. and Canadian clients who obtain assisted tax preparation services, whereby we (1) represent our clients if they are audited by a taxing authority, and (2) assume the cost, subject to certain limits, of additional taxes owed by a client resulting from errors attributable to H&R Block. The additional taxes paid under POM have a cumulative limit of $6,000 for U.S. clients and $3,000 CAD for Canadian clients with respect to the federal, state/provincial and local tax returns we prepared for applicable clients during the taxable year protected by POM.

H&R Block Emerald Prepaid Mastercard® and SpruceSM. The Emerald Card® and SpruceSM debit cards can be used for everyday purchases and ATM withdrawals anywhere Debit Mastercard® (Mastercard is a registered trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated) is accepted. Clients can receive their tax refunds and RT funds and direct EA or RA proceeds directly onto an Emerald Card® or into their SpruceSM spending account offered through our bank partner. Additional funds can be added to the Emerald Card® and to SpruceSM year-round, such as through direct deposit or at participating retail reload providers. The Emerald Card® and SpruceSM debit card can be added to clients' mobile wallets. We distribute the Emerald Card® and the SpruceSM debit card issued by our bank partner.

H&R Block Emerald Advance® Term Loans. EA term loans are offered by our bank partner to clients, in November and December, in amounts of $350 to $1,300. EA term loans are interest bearing with principal and interest due in full on March 31, and there are no annual fees or required monthly payments.

Tax Identity Shield®. Our TIS program offers clients assistance in helping protect their tax identity and access to services to help restore their tax identity, if necessary. Protection services include a daily scan of the dark web for personal information, a monthly scan for the client's social security number in credit header data, notifying clients if their information is detected on a tax return filed through H&R Block, and obtaining additional IRS identity protections when eligible.

Refund Advance Loans. RAs are interest-free loans offered by our bank partner, which are available to eligible U.S. assisted clients in company-owned and participating franchise locations, including virtual clients, in January and February. In tax season 2025, RAs were offered in amounts of $250, $500, $750, $1,250 and $4,000, based on client eligibility as determined by our bank partner. 

H&R Block's Instant Refund®. Our Canadian operations advance refunds due to certain clients from the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA), for a fee. The fee charged for this service is mandated by federal legislation which is administered by the CRA. The client assigns to us the full amount of the tax refund to be issued by the CRA and the refund amount is then sent by the CRA directly to us. 

Small Business Financial Solutions. Our Block Advisors small business certified tax professionals provide small businesses with financial expertise in taxes, bookkeeping and payroll through our office network (including in-person, online and virtual). Wave provides small business owners with an online solution to manage their finances, including payment processing, payroll and bookkeeping services.

4

2025 Form 10-K | H&R Block, Inc.

SEASONALITY OF BUSINESS 

Because the majority of our clients file their tax returns during the period from February through April in a typical year, a substantial majority of our revenues from income tax return preparation and related services and products are earned during this period. As a result, we generally operate at a loss through the first two quarters of our fiscal year.

COMPETITIVE CONDITIONS 

We provide assisted and DIY tax preparation services and products, as well as small business financial solutions, and face substantial competition in and across each category, including from tax return preparation firms, software providers, accounting firms, independent tax preparers, certified public accountants and governmental organizations, including the IRS, state and foreign tax authorities.

We are one of the largest providers of tax return preparation solutions and electronic filing services in the U.S., Canada, and Australia with 22.8 million returns filed by or through H&R Block in fiscal year 2025.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION 

Our business is subject to various forms of government regulation, including U.S. Federal and state tax preparer regulations, financial consumer protection and privacy regulations, state regulations, franchise regulations and foreign regulations. See further discussion of these items in our Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7 under "Regulatory Environment" of this Form 10-K.

HUMAN CAPITAL

Fulfilling our Purpose extends to helping and inspiring confidence in our associates. We remain committed to our associates’ total well-being — physical, mental, financial, career, team, and community. Together, when we balance these components, we achieve personal, team, and organizational strength. 

Associates. We had approximately 4,300 regular full-time associates as of June 30, 2025. Our business is dependent on the availability of a seasonal workforce, including tax professionals, and our ability to hire, train, and supervise these associates. The highest number of persons we employed during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, including seasonal associates, was approximately 70,100.

Associate Engagement. We administer an annual survey to all associates to better understand their levels of engagement and identify areas where we can improve. We compare our scores to the top 25th and 10th percentile of the global benchmark to challenge our associates and leaders and to yield reports that are easier for leaders to identify opportunities to take action. Across the company, 89% of culture and engagement questions measured were at or above the top 25th percentile of the global benchmark, which is two times the amount of questions that were over benchmark in the previous year. When looking at the top 10th percentile, 61% of questions were at or above the benchmark. We are also pleased with our overall employee satisfaction score which currently exceeds the Top 10 benchmark by 2 points. Individual leaders at all levels create and monitor culture and engagement-related goals.

Compensation and Benefits. Our total rewards programs are designed to attract and retain top talent by supporting what associates need to be their authentic selves. Our equitable and comprehensive benefits offerings provide access to benefits to help both regular and seasonal associates plan for the health and security of their families. H&R Block offers comprehensive mental and behavioral health support through robust well-being programs, ensuring regular associates and their families have access to therapists, coaching, and holistic mental health services. 

To thank our associates for their resiliency and hard work, each year H&R Block takes an “Annual Reboot” – a paid week of time off offered during the first week of July – as an important time for our associates to disconnect, recharge, and reboot. 

H&R Block also provides comprehensive medical insurance to our associates and extends the opportunity for medical insurance to our seasonal workforce who satisfy the eligibility guidelines of the Affordable Care Act. Subject to meeting eligibility requirements, associates can also choose to participate in the H&R Block Retirement 

H&R Block, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K

5

Savings Plan 401(k) and Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Collectively, these programs promote and support the physical, mental, financial, and community well-being of our associates.

Training and Development. Our people are the number one enabler for living our Purpose, and we recognize the importance of attracting, developing, and retaining top talent. Our goal is to provide continuous development opportunities to our associates in order to help them grow both personally and professionally. We do this through a robust offering of programs, educational courses, and learning journeys offered virtually and in person. 

Our expertise is delivered each year through our tax professional network. H&R Block tax professionals receive extensive annual tax training on topics including recent tax code changes and filing practices, and we offer additional education opportunities for tax professionals to enhance their knowledge and skills. In preparation for the upcoming tax season, our tax professionals receive training on H&R Block products, soft skills, and tax office best practices. These resources ultimately enable us to continue enhancing our services and impressing our clients.

Belonging. At H&R Block, we foster a culture of belonging, where every voice is heard and our associates feel safe, included, and inspired. We are committed to a fair and respectful workplace culture, free of discrimination; and we work to foster a Connected Culture that ensures all associates have a strong sense of belonging across the organization.

Connected Culture is a relationship centered principle at H&R Block that puts associates and clients at the heart of our strategic focus. It creates an environment of clear accountability, partnership, and trust – all focused on common goals, allowing for accelerated business and personal progress. Relationships are at the heart of how we work with each other, our customers, and in our communities.

In the workplace we are committed to creating an environment where everyone feels they belong, and we believe that this commitment makes us a stronger, more successful company. We continually reflect on our management approaches to improve the workplace, including discussions with our Board of Directors, to review how we can provide a sense of belonging within the company for our associates - what we call Belonging@Block. 

One of the many ways we work to foster a Connected Culture across the organization for all associates to connect, support, motivate, and inspire is through our associate-led Belonging Groups.

SERVICE MARKS AND TRADEMARKS

We have made a practice of offering our services and products under service marks and trademarks and of securing registration for many of these marks in the U.S. and other countries where our services and products are marketed. We consider these service marks and trademarks, in the aggregate, to be of material importance to our business, particularly our businesses providing services and products under the "H&R Block" brand. The initial duration of U.S. federal trademark registrations is 10 years. Most U.S. federal registrations can be renewed perpetually at 10-year intervals and remain enforceable so long as the marks continue to be used. 

6

2025 Form 10-K | H&R Block, Inc.

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS                                  (as of June 30, 2025)

Jeffrey J. Jones II, 57, became our President and Chief Executive Officer in October 2017 and was our President and Chief Executive Officer-Designate from August 2017 to October 2017. Before joining the Company, he served as the President of Ridesharing at Uber Technologies, Inc. from October 2016 until March 2017. He also served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer of Target Corporation from April 2012 until September 2016.  He will be retiring as President and Chief Executive Officer effective December 31, 2025.

Tiffany L. Mason, 50, became our Chief Financial Officer in September 2024. Prior to that, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Driven Brands Holdings Inc. from March 2020 until May 2023.  She also held various roles of increasing responsibility at Lowe's Companies, Inc. from February 2006 until October 2019, including as interim Chief Financial Officer in 2018 and Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance and Treasurer from 2015 to 2019.

Kellie J. Logerwell, 55, became our Chief Accounting Officer in July 2016. Prior to that, she served as our Vice President of Corporate and Field Accounting from December 2014 until July 2016 and as our Assistant Controller from December 2010 until December 2014.

Dara S. Redler, 58, became our Chief Legal Officer in January 2022 and our Chief Legal and Administrative Officer in April 2025. Prior to joining the Company, she served as General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for Tilray, Inc. from January 2019 until September 2021. She also held various legal roles of increasing responsibility with The Coca-Cola Company from September 2001 until December 2018.

Curtis A. Campbell, 52, became our President, Global Consumer Tax and Chief Product Officer in June 2024. Prior to that, he served as the Chief Executive Officer of TaxAct where he ran TaxAct from 2018 until it was sold by Blucora, Inc. in 2022. He continued to lead TaxAct after the sale until 2023. Prior to TaxAct, Mr. Campbell served Capital One Financial Corporation as Managing Vice President from 2017 to 2018. He also served in Vice President roles at Intuit Inc, leading Product Management and Strategy from 2014 to 2017.

Scott R. Manuel, 50, became our Chief Strategy and Operations Officer in August 2024.  Prior to that, he served as President, General Manager of Tribute Technology from 2022 until 2024.  Mr. Manuel served as Chief Product Officer, General Manager of McClatchy Media Company from 2017 until 2020, and he also served in various Vice President roles at Thomson Reuters from 2010 to 2017.

AVAILABILITY OF REPORTS AND OTHER INFORMATION

Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports filed with or furnished to the SEC are available, free of charge, through our website at www.hrblock.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov containing reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers who file electronically with the SEC.

The following corporate governance documents are posted on our website at www.hrblock.com:

▪The Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of H&R Block, Inc.;

▪The Amended and Restated Bylaws of H&R Block, Inc.;

▪The H&R Block, Inc. Corporate Governance Guidelines;

▪The H&R Block, Inc. Code of Business Ethics and Conduct;

▪The H&R Block, Inc. Board of Directors Independence Standards;

▪The H&R Block, Inc. Audit Committee Charter;

▪The H&R Block, Inc. Compensation Committee Charter;

H&R Block, Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K

7

▪The H&R Block, Inc. Finance Committee Charter; and

▪The H&R Block, Inc. Governance and Nominating Committee Charter.

If you would like a printed copy of any of these corporate governance documents, please send your request to H&R Block, Inc., One H&R Block Way, Kansas City, Missouri 64105, Attention: Corporate Secretary.

Information contained on our website does not constitute any part of this report.