Table of Contents

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D. C. 20549

SCHEDULE 14A

Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Filed by the Registrant ☒

Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐

Check the appropriate box:

  Preliminary Proxy Statement  

  Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule  

  Definitive Proxy Statement  

  Definitive Additional Materials  

  Soliciting Material Pursuant to  

Phoenix Education Partners, Inc.

(Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement if other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

  No fee required.  

  Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.  

  Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules  

Table of Contents

Pioneering Education for Working Adults 2025 Proxy Statement


A LETTER FROM CHRIS LYNNE, OUR CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

On behalf of the Board of Directors, it is my pleasure to invite you to the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Phoenix Education Partners, Inc. The meeting will be held virtually on February 12, 2026, at 11:00 a. m., Eastern Time. The meeting can be accessed by visiting www. proxydocs. com/PXED where you will be able to listen to the meeting live, submit questions and vote online.

You will find information regarding the matters to be voted on in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and proxy statement. We are sending many of our stockholders a notice via the Internet regarding the availability of the proxy statement, our Annual Report for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2025 and other relevant materials. This electronic process is convenient, helps reduce the environmental impact of our annual meeting and saves us significant postage and processing 
costs. A paper copy of these materials may be requested using one of the methods described in the accompanying proxy statement or the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials.

You may visit www. phoenixeducationpartners. com to access various web-basedreports, executive messages and timely information about our business.

Whether or not you plan to attend the annual meeting, please submit your proxy or voting instructions using one of the voting methods described in the accompanying proxy statement. Submitting your proxy or voting instructions by any of these methods will not affect your right to attend the virtual meeting and vote your shares at the virtual meeting if you wish to do so.

If you have questions about the annual meeting, require assistance in submitting your proxy or voting your shares or need additional copies of the accompanying proxy statement or the proxy card, please contact Investor Relations at InvestorRelations@phoenixeducationpartners. com.

If your bank, brokerage firm or other nominee holds your shares, you also should contact your nominee for additional information.

Sincerely,

Chris Lynne

Chief Executive Officer


PHOENIX EDUCATION PARTNERS, INC.

4035 S. Riverpoint Parkway

Phoenix, AZ 85040

NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

You are cordially invited to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “ Annual Meeting”) of Phoenix Education Partners, Inc. (the “ Company”). The Annual Meeting will be held virtually on February 12, 2026, at 11:00 a. m., Eastern Time. The Annual Meeting can be accessed by visiting www. proxydocs. com/PXED where you will be able to listen to the meeting live, submit questions and vote online. The Annual Meeting is being held for the following purposes:

  The election of Peter Cohen, Itai Wallach and Johannes Worsoe to the Board of Directors as Class I directors, in each case, for a term of three years expiring at the annual meeting of stockhold...  

  The ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending August 31, 2026; and  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

  To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting, or any postponement or adjournment thereof.  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Holders of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.01 per share (“ Common Stock”), of record at the close of business on December 29, 2025 are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting or any postponements or adjournments thereof.

We encourage you to access the Annual Meeting before the start time of 11:00 a. m., Eastern Time, on February 12, 2026, to allow ample time to check in. A complete list of stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will be available on the Annual Meeting website set forth above using the12-digitcontrol number provided on your proxy card, voting instruction form or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the “ Notice”).

The Notice and the accompanying proxy statement, Annual Report on Form10-Kfor the fiscal year ended August 31, 2025 (“ Annual Report”), and proxy card will first be made available to stockholders on or about January 2, 2026. We will furnish proxy materials to our stockholders via the Internet in order to expedite stockholders’ receipt of proxy materials while lowering the cost of delivery and reducing the environmental impact of our Annual Meeting. Accordingly, we are mailing to our stockholders
of record and beneficial owners the Notice, which provides instructions on how to access the attached proxy statement and our Annual Report, via the Internet and how to vote online. The Notice also contains instructions on how to obtain the proxy materials in printed form.

If you have questions about the annual meeting, require assistance in submitting your proxy or voting your shares or need additional copies of the accompanying proxy statement or the proxy card, please contact Investor Relations at InvestorRelations@phoenixeducationpartners. com.

  December 29, 2025      By order of the Board of Directors  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
                         /s/ Srini Medi                      
                         Chief Legal Officer and Secretary   


YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT

Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we strongly encourage you to please submit your proxy or voting instructions as soon as possible.

We encourage you to submit your proxy or voting instructions via the Internet, which is convenient, helps reduce the environmental impact of our annual meeting and saves us significant postage and processing costs. For instructions on how to submit your proxy or voting instructions and how to vote your shares, please refer to the section entitled “ Questions and Answers About the Annual Meeting” beginning on page1of the accompanying proxy statement.

IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF

PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING

The proxy statement for the Annual Meeting and the Company’s Annual Report on Form10-Kfor the fiscal year ended August 31, 2025 are available on the Internet at www. proxydocs. com/PXED and www. phoenixeducationpartners. com/investor-relations/financials/annual-reports.


TABLE OF CONTENTS

  PROXY STATEMENT                                                                                 1  
  PROPOSAL 1 - ELECTION OF DIRECTORS                                                              6  
  BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                                              7  
  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE                                                                           10  
  EXECUTIVE OFFICERS                                                                             17  
  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION                                                                         19  
  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS                                          28  
  REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE                                                                  33  
  AUDIT-RELATED FEES, TAX FEES AND ALL OTHER FEES                                                34  
  PROPOSAL 2 - RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM      34  
  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT                                 35  
  DELINQUENT SECTION 16(A) REPORTS                                                               36  
  STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS                                                                          37  
  HOUSEHOLDING MATTERS                                                                           37  
  OTHER MATTERS                                                                                  38  
  CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                                      38  


PHOENIX EDUCATION PARTNERS, INC.

PROXY STATEMENT

Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Phoenix Education Partners, Inc. to be held on February 12, 2026

Some Questions You May Have Regarding This Proxy Statement

Why did I receive these proxy materials?

The Board of Directors (the “ Board”) of Phoenix Education Partners, Inc. (the “ Company”) is soliciting proxies for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “ Annual Meeting”). The Annual Meeting will be held virtually on February 12, 2026, at 11:00 a. m., Eastern Time. As a stockholder as of the close of business on December 29, 2025, the record date fixed by the Board (the “ Record Date”), you are invited to attend the Annual Meeting and are entitled and urged to vote your shares on the 
proposals described in this proxy statement. The information included in this proxy statement relates to the proposals to be voted on at the Annual Meeting, the voting process and other required information. Our Annual Report on Form10-Kfor the fiscal year ended August 31, 2025 (the “ Annual Report”) is available to review with this proxy statement. We are mailing a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the “ Notice”) to our stockholders on or about January 2, 2026. The Notice 
contains instructions on how to access this proxy statement and the Annual Report online.

What proposals will be voted on at the Annual Meeting?

The two matters scheduled to be voted on at the Annual Meeting are:

  The election of Peter Cohen, Itai Wallach and Johannes Worsoe to the Board as Class I directors, in each case, for a term of three years expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders of the Co...  

  The ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP (“ Deloitte”) as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending August 31, 2026.  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In addition, such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof may be voted on.

How can I attend the Annual Meeting?

The Annual Meeting will be held entirely online via audio webcast to allow greater participation. You may attend, vote and submit questions at the Annual Meeting by visiting www. proxydocs. com/PXED. If you are a stockholder of record, you will be asked to provide the control number from your Notice. If you are a beneficial owner of shares registered in the name of your broker, bank or other nominee, follow the instructions from your broker or bank to access the Annual Meeting.

The webcast of the Annual Meeting will begin promptly at 11:00 a. m., Eastern Time. We encourage you to access the meeting prior to the start time to allow reasonable time for the check-inprocedures.

Who can vote at the Annual Meeting?

Anyone owning shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.01 per share (“ Common Stock”), at the close of business on December 29, 2025, the Record Date for this year’s Annual Meeting, is entitled to attend and to vote on all items properly presented at the Annual Meeting.

Stockholder of Record: Shares Registered in Your Name. If, at the close of business on the Record Date, your shares were registered directly in your name with our transfer agent, Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, then you are a stockholder of record.


Beneficial Owner: Shares Registered in the Name of a Broker or Bank. If, at the close of business on the Record Date, your shares were held, not in your name, but rather in an account at a broker, bank or other nominee, then you are the beneficial owner of shares held in “street name” and the Notice is being forwarded to you by that organization. The organization holding your account is considered the stockholder of record for purposes of voting at the Annual Meeting. As a beneficial owner, you 
have the right to direct your broker, bank or other nominee regarding how to vote the shares in your account by following the voting instructions provided by your broker, bank or other nominee. You are also invited to attend the Annual Meeting. However, since you are not the stockholder of record, you may not vote your shares electronically at the Annual Meeting unless you obtain a legal proxy from your broker, bank or other nominee.

How do I vote?

Stockholder of Record: Shares Registered in Your Name. If you are a stockholder of record, you may vote in one of the following ways:

  You may vote electronically at the Annual Meeting. If you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, you may vote by proxy or electronically at the Annual Meeting. During the Annual Meeting, go to www....  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

  You may vote by mail. To vote by mail, complete, sign and date the proxy card that accompanies this proxy statement and return it promptly in the postage-prepaid envelope provided (if you recei...  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

  You may vote by telephone. To vote over the telephone, call toll-free (866) 967-4507 from any touch-tone telephone and follow the instructions. Have your Notice or proxy card available when you...  

  You may vote via the Internet. To vote via the Internet, go to www.proxypush.com/PXED to complete an electronic proxy card (have your Notice or proxy card in hand when you visit the website). Y...  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Beneficial Owner of Shares Held in “ Street Name”: Shares Registered in the Name of a Broker, Bank or Other Nominee. If you are a beneficial owner of shares held of record by a broker, bank or other nominee, you will receive voting instructions from your broker, bank or other nominee. You must follow the voting instructions provided by your broker, bank or other nominee in order to instruct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote your shares. Beneficial owners of shares should 
generally be able to vote by returning the voting instruction card to their broker, bank or other nominee, or by telephone or via the Internet. However, the availability of telephone or Internet voting will depend on the voting process of your broker, bank or other nominee. As discussed above, if you are a beneficial owner, you may not vote your shares electronically at the Annual Meeting unless you obtain a legal proxy from your broker, bank or other nominee. Note that your broker, bank or 
other nominee may have an earlier deadline for submission of votes than the deadline for holders of record.

If you choose to access the proxy materials and/or vote over the Internet, you are responsible for Internet access charges you may incur. If you choose to vote by telephone, you are responsible for telephone charges you may incur.

Can I change my vote or revoke my proxy?

Stockholder of Record: Shares Registered in Your Name. If you are a stockholder of record, you can change your vote or revoke your proxy by:

  Providing another proxy, or using any of the available methods for voting, with a later date;  


  Notifying the Company’s Secretary before the Annual Meeting that you wish to revoke your proxy, by sending such notice in writing to: Secretary, Phoenix Education Partners, Inc., 4035 S. Riverp...  

  Attending the Annual Meeting and voting electronically. Attendance at the Annual Meeting will not cause your previously granted proxy to be revoked unless you explicitly request or cast your vo...  

Beneficial Owner of Shares Held in “ Street Name”: Shares Registered in the Name of a Broker, Bank or Other Nominee. If you are the beneficial owner of your shares, you must contact the broker, bank or other nominee holding your shares and follow their instructions to change your vote or revoke your proxy.

Who is asking me for my vote?

The Company is soliciting your proxy on behalf of the Board. The Company will bear the cost of soliciting proxies and will reimburse brokerage firms and others for expenses involved in forwarding proxy materials to beneficial owners or soliciting their execution. In addition to solicitations by mail, the Company, through its directors and employees, may solicit proxies in person, by telephone or by electronic means. Such directors and employees will not receive any special remuneration for these
efforts.

What is the effect of giving a proxy?

Proxies are solicited by and on behalf of our Board. The persons named in the proxy have been designated as proxies for the Annual Meeting by our Board. When proxies are properly dated, executed and returned, the shares represented by such proxies will be voted at the Annual Meeting in accordance with the instruction of the stockholder on such proxy. If no specific instructions are given, however, the shares will be voted in accordance with the recommendations of our Board on the proposals as 
described below and, if any other matters are properly brought before the Annual Meeting, the shares will be voted in accordance with the proxies’ judgment.

What are my voting rights?

Each share of Common Stock is entitled to one vote on each matter properly presented at the Annual Meeting. At the close of business on December 18, 2025, there were 35,755,932 shares of Common Stock outstanding. A list of all record stockholders as of December 29, 2025, the Record Date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting, will be available during ordinary business hours at the Company’s principal place of business located at 4035 S. 
Riverpoint Parkway, Phoenix, AZ 85040 at least 10 days before the Annual Meeting, and will also be available at the Annual Meeting.

How does the Board recommend that I vote?

The Board recommends that you vote:

  FOR the election of each of the director nominees;  

  FOR the ratification of the appointment of Deloitte as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending August 31, 2026; and  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

  In your discretion on such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any postponement(s) or adjournment(s) thereof.  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Why did I receive a one-page

In accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC”), the Company is providing access to its proxy materials via the Internet and will not send its proxy materials by mail or


electronically by email unless appropriately requested. Accordingly, the Company is mailing the Notice to stockholders of record and beneficial owners. All stockholders will have the ability to access the proxy materials on a website referred to in the Notice or to request a printed set of the proxy materials. Instructions on how to access the proxy materials via the Internet, request a printed set or request proxy materials be emailed to you may be found in the Notice. Stockholders may request 
to receive proxy materials in printed form by mail or electronically by email on an ongoing basis.

Where can I view the proxy materials on the Internet?

The Notice provides you with instructions on how to:

  View proxy materials for the Annual Meeting via the Internet; and  

  Instruct the Company to send future proxy materials to you by email.  

You can view the proxy materials for the Annual Meeting online at www. proxydocs. com/PXED and at www. phoenixeducationpartners. com/investor-relations/financials/annual-reports.

What is the quorum requirement for the Annual Meeting?

A quorum is the minimum number of shares required to be present or represented at the Annual Meeting for the meeting to be properly held. The presence, represented in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority in voting power of our outstanding Common Stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will constitute a quorum to transact business at the Annual Meeting. Abstentions, “ WITHHOLD” votes, and “broker non-votes”are counted as present and entitled to vote for purposes of determining a 
quorum. If there is no quorum, the chair of the meeting may adjourn the meeting to another time or place.

What are broker non-votes?

Broker non-votesoccur when a beneficial owner of shares held in “street name” does not give instructions to the broker, bank or other nominee, as applicable, as to how to vote on matters deemed“non-routine”and there is at least one “routine” matter to be voted upon at the Annual Meeting. Generally, if shares are held in “street name,” the beneficial owner of the shares is entitled to give voting instructions to the broker, bank or other nominee holding the shares. If the beneficial owner does 
not provide voting instructions, the broker, bank or other nominee can still vote the shares with respect to matters that are considered to be “routine,” but not with respect to“non-routine”matters. In the event that a broker, bank or other nominee votes shares on the “routine” matters but does not vote shares on the“non-routine”matters, those shares will be treated as broker non-voteswith respect to the“non-routine”proposals. Accordingly, if you own shares through a nominee, such as a broker or
bank, please be sure to instruct your nominee how to vote to ensure that your vote is counted on each of the proposals.

What matters are considered “routine” and “non-routine”?

The ratification of the appointment of Deloitte as our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending August 31, 2026 (Proposal No. 2) is considered “routine.” The election of Class I directors (Proposal No. 1) is considered“non-routine.”

What are the effects of abstentions and broker non-votes?

An abstention represents a stockholder’s affirmative choice to decline to vote on a proposal. If a stockholder indicates on its proxy card that it wishes to abstain from voting its shares, or if a broker, bank or other nominee causes abstentions to be recorded for shares, these shares will be considered present and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. As a result, abstentions will be counted for purposes of determining the presence or absence of


a quorum and will also count as votes against a proposal in cases where approval of the proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting (Proposal No. 2). However, because the outcome of Proposal No. 1 (election of directors) will be determined by a plurality vote, you may only vote “ FOR” or “ WITHHOLD” authority to vote for each of the nominees. If you “withhold” authority to vote 
with respect to one or more director nominees, your vote will have no effect on the election of such nominees.

Broker non-voteswill be counted for purposes of calculating whether a quorum is present at the Annual Meeting. Broker non-voteswill not be counted for purposes of determining the number of votes cast on a proposal because they are “not entitled to vote” on“non-routine”matters. Therefore, a broker non-votewill make a quorum more readily attainable but will not otherwise affect the outcome of the vote on any of the proposals.

What is the voting requirement to approve each of the proposals?

Proposal No. 1: Election of Class I Directors. Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast (meaning that the three director nominees who receive the highest number of shares voted “ FOR” their election are elected as Class I Directors). For each director nominee, you may vote (i) “ FOR” or (ii) “ WITHHOLD”. Because the outcome of this proposal will be determined by a plurality vote, shares voted “ WITHHOLD” will not prevent a director nominee from being elected as a director. Broker 
non-voteswill not affect the outcome of voting on this proposal.

Proposal No. 2: Ratification of Appointment of Deloitte. The ratification of the appointment of Deloitte requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares present or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote. You may vote “ FOR,” “ AGAINST,” or “ ABSTAIN” on this proposal. Abstentions will count towards the quorum requirement for the Annual Meeting and will have the same effect as a vote against the proposal. Broker non-voteswill not affect the 
outcome of voting on this proposal.

Who will count the votes?

A representative of BetaNXT, Inc. will tabulate the votes and act as inspector of elections.

May I vote confidentially?

Yes. Our policy is to keep your vote confidential, except as otherwise legally required, to allow for the tabulation and certification of votes and to facilitate proxy solicitation.

What if additional matters are presented at the Annual Meeting?

We do not know of any business to be considered at the Annual Meeting other than the proposals described in this proxy statement. If any other business is presented at the Annual Meeting, your properly executed proxy gives authority to Christopher Lynne, our Chief Executive Officer, Blair Westblom, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, and Srini Medi, our Chief Legal Officer and Secretary, to vote on such matters at their discretion.

Where can I find the voting results from the Annual Meeting?

We will announce preliminary voting results at the Annual Meeting and will publish final results in a Current Report on Form8-Kthat we will file with the SEC within four business days after the date of the Annual Meeting.

How can I obtain information about the Company?

Stockholders may obtain a free copy of our Annual Report by visiting our website at www. phoenixeducationpartners. com/investor-relations/financials/annual-reports or by sending a request in writing to Beth Coronelli, Investor Relations, Phoenix Education Partners, Inc., 4035 S. Riverpoint Parkway, Phoenix, AZ 85040.


PROPOSAL 1 - ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

Our Board is divided into three classes, with members of each class serving staggered terms with initial terms following our initial public offering of the Class I, Class II, and Class III directors expiring at the Annual Meeting, the Company’s 2027 annual meeting, and the Company’s 2028 annual meeting, respectively. Upon expiration of the initial term of each class, directors in that class will be elected for three-year terms at the respective annual meeting. Under the Company’s certificate of 
incorporation (our “ Certificate of Incorporation”) and bylaws (our “ Bylaws”), the Board can change the size of the Board so long as the number is not less than three nor more than fifteen. Any additional directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors will be distributed among the three classes so that, as nearly as possible, each class will consist of one-thirdof our directors. The Board currently consists of ten directors.

Each Class I nominee is a current member of the Board. If any nominee for election to the Board should be unable to accept nomination or election as a director, which is not expected, your proxy may be voted for a substitute or substitutes designated by the Board or the size of the Board may be reduced in accordance with the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.

Certain Stockholder Rights to Nominate Directors

Under the stockholders agreement, by and among the Company, TVG-I-E-AEGHoldings, LP (the “ Vistria Stockholder”) and AP VIII Socrates Holdings, L. P. (the “ Apollo Stockholder”), dated as of October 8, 2025 (the “ Stockholders Agreement”), Apollo Global Management, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, “ Apollo”) and its affiliates have the right, but not the obligation, at any time until Apollo and its affiliates, including the Apollo Stockholder, no longer beneficially own at least 5% of the 
voting power of our outstanding Common Stock, to nominate a number of directors comprising a percentage of the Board in accordance with their beneficial ownership of our outstanding Common Stock (rounded up to the nearest whole number), except that if Apollo and its affiliates, including the Apollo Stockholder, beneficially own more than 50% of the voting power of our outstanding Common Stock, the Apollo Stockholder will have the right to nominate a majority of the directors. We refer to the 
directors nominated by Apollo and its affiliates based on such percentage ownership as the “ Apollo Directors.”

Under the Stockholders Agreement, the Vistria Stockholder has the right, but not the obligation, at any time until the Vistria Stockholder and its affiliates no longer beneficially own at least 5% of the voting power of our outstanding Common Stock, to nominate a number of directors comprising a percentage of the Board in accordance with their beneficial ownership of our outstanding Common Stock (rounded up to the nearest whole number). We refer to the directors nominated by The Vistria Group, 
LP (together with its subsidiaries, “ Vistria”) and its affiliates based on such percentage ownership as the “ Vistria Directors.”

As of the date of this proxy statement, Theodore Kwon, Itai Wallach and Johannes Worsoe are the Apollo Directors and Martin Nesbitt and Adnan Nisar are the Vistria Directors.

The Board recommends that the stockholders vote FOR the election of the Class I Director nominees listed below.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The following table sets forth certain information about our directors as of the date of this proxy statement.

  Name                           Position                              
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Andrew Bird            61      Director                              
  Peter Cohen            70      Director                              
  Jeffrey Denham         58      Director                              
  Theodore Kwon          43      Director (Chairman)                   
  Christopher Lynne      52      Chief Executive Officer and Director  
  Martin H. Nesbitt      63      Director                              
  Adnan A. Nisar         45      Director                              
  John Sizer             63      Director                              
  Itai Wallach           38      Director                              
  Johannes Worsoe        58      Director                              

Class I Directors

The term of the following three Class I directors will expire at the Annual Meeting. Messrs. Cohen, Wallach and Worsoe are the only nominees for election at the Annual Meeting for a term that will expire at the 2029 annual meeting of stockholders and until each of their successors has been duly elected and qualified.

Peter Cohenhas been a member of our Board since October 2025. Mr. Cohen has owned an education consulting firm, COWATCO LLC, since February 2022. Previously, Mr. Cohen served as President of the University of Phoenix, a subsidiary of the Company (the “ University”), from May 2017 to January 2022. Prior to that, he was the U. S. Group President for McGraw Hill Education from November 2013 to April 2017, overseeing the company’s U. S. K-12and higher education businesses. Earlier in his career, Mr.
Cohen was CEO of Pearson plc’sK-12Schools division in the United States from 2008 to 2013 and served as both President and CEO of Sylvan Learning from 1996 to 2008. Mr. Cohen currently serves as a board member of FullBloom, a provider ofK-12education services, and as a senior advisor to Boston Consulting Group, where he consults on pre-K-12, higher education, and workforce development. He is also a board member and treasurer of Education Week, a leading education information publication, and 
serves on the boards of Carnegie Learning, a provider of K-12education products and services, Primrose Schools, an early childhood education provider, and Cotulla Holdings, the parent company of the Aviation Institute of Maintenance, a network of accredited aviation maintenance technical schools. In addition, Mr. Cohen is the board chair of Teachers of Tomorrow, aK-12teacher certification and training organization. Mr. Cohen is a graduate of the University of Redlands, where he earned his B. A. 
in Business. We believe that Mr. Cohen is qualified to serve as a member of our Board because of his extensive executive leadership experience in the education sector, his significant board and advisory experience, and his expertise in higher education, including at the University.

Itai Wallachhas been a member of our Board since October 2025. Mr. Wallach is a Partner in the Private Equity group of Apollo, which he joined in 2012. Mr. Wallach also serves on the boards of directors of Arconic Corporation, Cengage Group and American Express Global Business Travel (NYSE: GBTG) and previously served on the boards of directors of Qdoba Restaurant Corporation from January 2022 to September 2022, McGraw-Hill Education from March 2017 to July 2021, Smart & Final Stores, Inc. from 
June 2019 to July 2021, Smart Stores Holding Corp. from April 2019 to April 2020, The Fresh Market, Inc. from January 2017 to December 2020 and Jacuzzi Brands, Inc. from February 2017 to February 2019. Mr. Wallach is also a member of the Board of Trustees of the Children’s Hospital Los Angeles. Prior to joining Apollo, Mr. Wallach was a member of the Financial Sponsors Investment Banking group at Barclays Capital. Mr. Wallach graduated with distinction as an Ivey scholar from the Richard Ivey 
School of Business at the University of Western Ontario with a B. A. in Honors Business Administration. We believe Mr. Wallach is qualified to serve as a member of our Board because of his extensive financial services experience, industry expertise, investment experience and board experience.


Johannes Worsoehas been a member of our Board since October 2025. Mr. Worsoe is an alumnus of the University of Phoenix and most recently served as a Partner, Chief Financial Officer and member of the Leadership Committee of Apollo Asset Management from 2022 to 2025. Prior to joining Apollo, Mr. Worsoe held various positions with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (“ MUFG”) Americas Holdings and its predecessor entities, stretching back to 2001. He served as Chief Financial Officer of the Americas 
from 2016 to 2021 and Americas Head of Investment Banking and Markets from 2013 to 2016. Prior to his time with MUFG, Mr. Worsoe held capital markets, private banking and other investment related roles in Denmark, Spain and the United States. Currently, Mr. Worsoe also serves as the Vice Chair of the board of RoundAbout Theatre Company and as an advisory board member of the Mount Sinai Department of Dermatology. Mr. Worsoe holds a B. S. in Business Management from the University of Phoenix and a
M. B. A. from the University of Southern California. He is also a graduate of the Danish Banking School and has attended executive leadership programs at Harvard Business School. We believe Mr. Worsoe is qualified to serve as a member of our Board because of his experience as a University of Phoenix student as well as his extensive executive experience, financial services experience and investment experience.

Class II Directors

The term of the following three Class II directors will expire at the 2027 annual meeting.

Andrew Birdhas been a member of our Board since October 2025. Mr. Bird most recently served as Chief Executive Officer of Pearson plc, a Financial Times Stock Exchange 100 education and publishing company, from 2020 to 2024, where he led the transformation of the business into the digital and artificial intelligence age. Prior to his appointment as CEO, Mr. Bird was a member of Pearson’s board of directors. Before joining Pearson, Mr. Bird spent 14 years as Chairman of Walt Disney International,
where he was responsible for the company’s activities outside the United States across all business units except Parks & Resorts, from 2004 to 2018. Earlier in his career, Mr. Bird served as President of Turner Broadcasting International from 1993 to 2003, where he oversaw the launch and growth of Turner’s entertainment brands, including Cartoon Network, TNT, and TCM, as well as the distribution and sales for CNN International. Mr. Bird has also served as an advisor to His Majesty’s Government 
Department of Business & Trade. In recognition of his services to U. K. media and entertainment, Mr. Bird was appointed Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire in the 2012 Queen’s Birthday Honours. Since October 2025 Mr. Bird has served as the Independent Chairman of the Board of Directors of FuboTV Inc., following its combination with The Walt Disney Company’s Hulu + Live TV business. Mr. Bird received a B. A. in English language and literature at Newcastle University. We 
believe that Mr. Bird is qualified to serve as a member of our Board because of his extensive leadership experience in global media, digital transformation expertise and his significant board and advisory experience.

Jeffrey Denhamhas been a member of our Board since October 2025. Mr. Denham currently serves as Senior Policy Director at Dentons LLP, a global law firm, a position he has held since 2022. From 2019 to 2022, Mr. Denham served as Public Policy Director at K& L Gates LLP, a global law firm. Mr. Denham is a former member of the U. S. House of Representatives, having served four terms, from 2011 to 2019. As a member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, he served as chairman of the 
Subcommittee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials and the Agriculture, Natural Resources, and Veterans’ Affairs Committees. From 2002 to 2010, Mr. Denham was a member of the California State Senate. He served as chairman of the Agriculture and Veterans’ Affairs Committees and focused on issues such as education, government waste, agriculture, and economic development. Mr. Denham founded Denham Plastics LLC, a full-service provider of plastic material handling solutions in Salinas, 
CA. A staff sergeant in the U. S. Air Force, Mr. Denham served in Operation Desert Storm with the 452nd Air Force Refueling Wing and was awarded a Meritorious Service Medal, the Kuwait Liberation Medal and various campaign medals for combat duty. Mr. Denham received a B. A. in Political Science from California Polytechnic University, San Luis Obispo. We believe that Mr. Denham is qualified to serve as a member of our Board because of his extensive leadership and government experience and his 
industry expertise.


Adnan A. Nisarhas been a member of our Board since October 2025. Mr. Nisar is a Senior Partner and Co-Head ofKnowledge and Learning Solutions at Vistria, having joined at its inception in 2013. Prior to joining Vistria, Mr. Nisar was a Senior Associate at Mubadala Development Company in Abu Dhabi from 2011 to 2013. Earlier in his career, Mr. Nisar worked at M3 Capital Partners, a global real estate investment and advisory firm. Mr. Nisar currently serves on the boards of directors of (i) 
Risepoint, a leading technology-enabled services company that assists institutions of higher education in taking academic programs online, (ii) Unitek Learning, Inc., the parent company for five distinguished learning institutions in the areas of healthcare, nursing, and emergency medical services, (iii) Sleep Doctor, a sleep wellness company, and (iv) The Gardner School, an early childhood education provider. Mr. Nisar holds a B. A. in Economics and Finance from Washington University in St. 
Louis and a M. B. A from The University of Chicago Booth School of Business. We believe that Mr. Nisar is qualified to serve as a member of our Board because of his extensive financial services and investment experience, board experience and industry expertise.

Class III Directors

The term of the following four Class III directors will expire at the 2028 annual meeting.

Theodore Kwonis a Trustee of the University and has been a member and served as Chairman of our Board since October 2025. Mr. Kwon is a Partner of Apollo, having joined in 2015. Prior to joining Apollo, Mr. Kwon was a Vice President at Angelo, Gordon & Co., an investment management firm, from 2012 to 2015. Prior thereto, Mr. Kwon worked at Weston Presidio, a private equity investment firm, and was a member of the Mergers & Acquisitions group at Citigroup Inc., a financial services company. Mr. 
Kwon also serves on the board of directors of Apollo Enterprise Strategies, a global services company that provides business critical solutions to Apollo’s strategic origination platforms, and the investment committee and oversight committee of Apollo Aligned Alternatives, a leading semi-liquid private markets fund with over $25 billion in diversified assets. Mr. Kwon previously served on the board of directors of The Fresh Market, Inc., a specialty grocery business, and Tegra Global, a 
sportswear apparel manufacturer. Mr. Kwon is also a board member of The Korea Society, a non-profiteducational and cultural organization. Mr. Kwon graduated with a B. S. in Economics and a M. B. A. from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. We believe that Mr. Kwon is qualified to serve as a member and Chairman of our Board because of his extensive financial services and investment experience, board experience and industry expertise.

Christopher Lynnehas served as our Chief Executive Officer and has been a member of our Board since October 2025. Mr. Lynne has served as the President and as a Trustee of the University since December 2022 after serving as interim president since June 2022. In his previous role at the University, Mr. Lynne served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer from 2018 to 2022. Prior to joining the University, Mr. Lynne served as Chief Financial Officer of Cadence Education LLC
from 2017 to 2018. Previous roles include Founder and Managing Principal at Transcend Education Group LLC from 2015 to 2016; President and Chief Operating Officer of HotChalk, Inc. from 2014 to 2015; and Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Operating Officer at Northcentral University from 2010 to 2014. Earlier in his career, he served in several financial leadership roles at Education Management Corporation, including Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, and as an Audit 
Manager for Arthur Andersen LLC. Mr. Lynne holds a B. S. in Accounting from Purdue University and a M. B. A. from The University of Chicago Booth School of Business. We believe that Mr. Lynne is qualified to serve as a member of our Board because of his extensive senior management experience and leadership experience with education companies.

Martin H. Nesbittis a Trustee of the University and has been a member of our Board since October 2025. Mr. Nesbitt is a Senior Partner, Co-ChairmanandCo-ChiefExecutive Officer of Vistria, having founded the firm in 2013. Prior to founding Vistria, Mr. Nesbitt served as President and Chief Executive Officer of TPS Parking Management, LLC (d/b/a The Parking Spot) from 1998 to 2012. Mr. Nesbitt conceptualized and co-foundedThe Parking Spot. Previously, Mr. Nesbitt served as an officer of the 
Pritzker Realty Group, L. P. and an Equity Vice President and Investment Manager at LaSalle Partners. Mr. Nesbitt currently serves on the boards of directors of (i) CareMetx, a digital hub platform that focuses on specialty patient treatments, (ii) ForwardLine Financial,


LLC, a financial technology company, (iii) Treliant, LLC, a consulting firm, (iv) Chewy, Inc., an online source for pet-relatednecessities, and (v) American Airlines, Inc., a commercial airline company. Previously, Mr. Nesbitt served on the boards of Help at Home, an innovative program and service to provide in-homecare, and CenterPoint Energy, a multi-state electric and natural gas delivery company. Mr. Nesbitt is a Trustee of Chicago’s Museum of Contemporary Art, a Trustee of Rush University 
Medical Center and serves as Chairman of the Barack Obama Foundation. Mr. Nesbitt received a B. A. and Honorary Doctorate from Albion College and a M. B. A from The University of Chicago Booth School of Business. We believe that Mr. Nesbitt is qualified to serve as a member of our Board because of his extensive financial services experience, public company board experience, executive leadership experience and industry expertise.

John Sizerhas been a member of our Board since October 2025. Until 2020, Mr. Sizer was a Partner at Deloitte, having worked for the firm for nearly 37 years. Mr. Sizer is a Certified Public Accountant in the state of Arizona and prior to retiring from Deloitte was an audit partner to public companies and higher education companies. Currently, Mr. Sizer is a board member of Stearns Bank N. A., a privately-held national banking association. He also serves on the boards of the Arizona Hispanic 
Chamber of Commerce and Aguila Youth Leadership Institute, a not-for-profitorganization in Arizona. Mr. Sizer received a B. A. in Accounting from Arizona State University. We believe that Mr. Sizer is qualified to serve as a member of our Board because of his extensive accounting and financial services experience, industry expertise and board experience.

Required Vote

Class I directors will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting (meaning that the three director nominees who receive the highest number of shares voted “ FOR” their election are elected as Class I directors). Shares voted “ WITHHOLD” and broker non-voteswill not affect the outcome of voting on this proposal. Brokers do not have discretion to vote any uninstructed shares over the election of directors.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Controlled Company

Our Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“ NYSE”). As the Apollo Stockholder holds more than 50% of the voting power of our outstanding Common Stock, we are considered a “controlled company” for the purposes of the NYSE’s rules and corporate governance standards. So long as we remain a “controlled company,” the Apollo Stockholder will have the ability to control matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors, amendments to our Certificate of
Incorporation and major corporate transactions. As a “controlled company,” we are permitted, and have elected, not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including (i) those that would otherwise require our Board to have a majority of independent directors, (ii) those that would require that we establish a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors and (iii) those that would require that we have a nominating and corporate governance committee composed 
entirely of independent directors.

In the event that we cease to be a “controlled company” and our shares of Common Stock continue to be listed on the NYSE, we will be required to comply with these provisions within the applicable transition periods.

Director Independence

While we are a “controlled company,” we are not required to have a majority of independent directors. As allowed under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the NYSE, we intend to phase in compliance with the heightened independence requirements prior to the end of the one-yeartransition period after we cease to be a “controlled company.” Our independent directors, as such term is defined by the applicable rules and regulations of the NYSE, are currently Andrew Bird, Jeffrey Denham
and John Sizer. The Company expects that Peter Cohen will become an independent director, as such term is defined by the applicable rules and regulations of the NYSE, in January 2026.


Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight

The Board has an oversight role, as a whole and also at the committee level, in overseeing management of its risks. The Board regularly reviews information regarding our credit, liquidity and operations, as well as the risks associated with each. The Board also plays an active role in monitoring and overseeing environmental, social and governance risks, as well as cybersecurity and information technology risks, including those that arise in connection with our relationships with service 
providers, and receives regular reports from management regarding such risks and our controls and procedures relating to such risks. The Compensation Committee of the Board is responsible for overseeing the management of risks relating to employee compensation plans and arrangements and the Audit Committee of the Board oversees the management of financial and cybersecurity risks. While certain committees are responsible for evaluating certain risks and overseeing the management of such risks, 
the Board is regularly informed through committee reports about such risks.

The roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board are currently separate. Our Board has not established a policy as to whether the roles should be separate and, at this time, believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders to maintain the flexibility to determine whether such positions should be separated or combined in order to provide appropriate leadership for us in the future. In addition, our Board does not currently have a policy regarding the 
appointment of a lead independent director.

The Board understands that no single approach to board leadership is universally accepted and that the appropriate leadership structure may vary based on several factors, such as a company’s size, industry, operations, history and culture. Accordingly, our Board, with the assistance of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, assesses its leadership structure periodically in light of these factors and the current environment to achieve the optimal model for us and for our stockholders.

The composition of the Board, the tenure of the directors with the Company, the overall experience of the directors and the experience that the directors have had with the Chairman and the executive management team permit and encourage each member to take an active role in all discussions, and each member does actively participate in substantive discussions. We believe that our current Board leadership structure is in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders at this time.

Board and Committee Composition

On October 7, 2025, in connection with our initial public offering, our predecessor entity AP VIII Queso Holdings, L. P. converted into a Delaware corporation pursuant to a statutory conversion, filed a certificate of incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State and changed its name to Phoenix Education Partners, Inc. (the “ Corporate Conversion”). Our Board and the committees thereof were formed in connection with the Corporate Conversion. Accordingly, there were no Board of Director or 
committee meetings during our fiscal year ended August 31, 2025.

The Board has four committees: Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and Student Outcomes Advisory Committee. The Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee operate under written charters, which are available at the Company’s website at www. phoenixeducationpartners. com. Committee charters are also available in print upon the written request of any stockholder. Each committee may form and delegate, 
in its discretion, all or a portion of its


authority to subcommittees of one or more of its members, provided the composition of the subcommittees satisfy the applicable NYSE independence standards. The current committee membership of our Board is as follows:

  Director           
 ─────────────────────
  Christopher Lynne  
  Andrew Bird        
  Peter Cohen        
  Jeffrey Denham     
  Theodore Kwon      
  Martin H. Nesbitt  
  Adnan A. Nisar     
  John Sizer         
  Itai Wallach       
  Johannes Worsoe    

C = Chairperson

Audit Committee

Our Audit Committee consists of John Sizer, as chairperson, Peter Cohen and Jeffrey Denham.

The NYSE rules allow us to phase in an independent Audit Committee. Within one year of the date of effectiveness of the registration statement and thereafter, we will be required to have an Audit Committee composed entirely of independent directors. We do not believe that reliance on this exception to the requirement to have a fully independent Audit Committee has a material adverse effect on the ability of our Audit Committee to act independently and satisfy the other applicable requirements.

Our Board has determined that Mr. Sizer qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K, that each of Messrs. Cohen, Denham, and Sizer are “financially literate” as defined under the NYSE listing standards, and that each of Messrs. Denham and Sizer are independent as defined in Rule10A-3of the Exchange Act and the NYSE listing standards. We expect that Mr. Cohen will become an independent director for purposes of the Audit Committee 
in January 2026. The principal duties and responsibilities of our Audit Committee are as follows:

  to prepare the annual audit committee report to be included in our annual proxy statement;  

  to oversee and monitor our accounting and financial reporting processes;  

  to oversee and monitor the integrity of our financial statements and internal control system;  

  to oversee and monitor the independence, retention, performance and compensation of our independent registered public accounting firm;  

  to oversee and monitor the performance, appointment and retention of our internal audit function;  

  to discuss, oversee and monitor policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management;  

  to oversee and monitor our compliance with legal and regulatory matters;  

  to oversee and monitor our cybersecurity, information and technology security and data privacy strategies and policies; and  

  to provide regular reports to the Board.  


The Audit Committee also has the authority to retain counsel and advisors to fulfill its responsibilities and duties.

Compensation Committee

Our Compensation Committee consists of Theodore Kwon, as chairperson, Adnan A. Nisar and Itai Wallach. The principal duties and responsibilities of the Compensation Committee are as follows:

  to review, evaluate and make recommendations to the full Board regarding our compensation policies and programs;  

  to review and approve the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, other executive officers and key employees, including all material benefits, option or stock award grants and perquisites ...  

  to review and recommend to the Board development plans for other key corporate positions as shall be deemed necessary from time to time;  

  to review and make recommendations to the Board with respect to our incentive compensation plans and equity-based compensation plans;  

  to administer incentive compensation and equity-related plans;  

  to review and make recommendations to the Board with respect to the financial and other performance targets that must be met;  

  to oversee our human capital management policies, including policies related to talent development; and  

  to prepare an annual compensation committee report and take such other actions as are necessary and consistent with the governing law and our organizational documents.  

The Compensation Committee receives input and recommendations from the Company’s executive officers (except with respect to such executive officer’s own compensation) but is not bound by such recommendations. The Compensation Committee has the authority to retain or terminate compensation consultants or other advisors to assist the Compensation Committee in its responsibilities and is directly responsible for overseeing the work of such advisors. We have elected to avail ourselves of the 
“controlled company” exception under the NYSE rules which exempts us from the requirement that we have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors.

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consists of Andrew Bird, as chairperson, Theodore Kwon and Adnan A. Nisar. The principal duties and responsibilities of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are as follows:

  to identify and recommend individuals qualified to become directors of the Company, consistent with criteria approved by our Board, and recommend director and committee leadership and appointme...  

  to develop and recommend to our Board guidelines setting forth corporate governance principles applicable to the Company;  

  to identify best practices and recommend corporate governance principles, including giving proper attention and making effective responses to stockholder concerns regarding corporate governance;  

  to review and recommend to our Board a succession plan for the Chief Executive Officer;  

  to oversee the annual evaluation of the performance of our Board and its committees; and  

  to set and review the compensation of non-executive members of our Board.  


We have elected to avail ourselves of the “controlled company” exception under the NYSE rules which exempts us from the requirement that we have a nominating and corporate governance committee composed entirely of independent directors.

Student Outcomes Advisory Committee

Our Student Advisory Outcomes Committee consists of Peter Cohen, as chairperson, Andrew Bird, Jeffrey Denham, Christopher Lynne, John Sizer and Johannes Worsoe. The Student Advisory Outcomes Committee is tasked with reviewing, identifying and recommending initiatives and industry best practices to improve student outcome metrics for the University.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

We did not have a Compensation Committee during our fiscal year ended August 31, 2025. Compensation of our executive officers during our fiscal year ended August 31, 2025 was determined by the University’s board of trustees and the compensation committee of the board of directors of Phoenix Education Operating Corp., formerly known as Apollo Education Group, Inc. (“ PEOC”). None of our executive officers serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the board of directors or 
compensation committee of any entity (excluding our subsidiaries) that has one or more executive officers serving on our Board or Compensation Committee.

Identifying and Evaluating Candidates for the Board

In considering possible candidates to serve on the Board, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will take into account all appropriate qualifications, qualities and skills in the context of the current make-upof the Board and will consider the entirety of each candidate’s credentials. In addition, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will evaluate each nominee according to the following criteria:

  Background. The Board seeks members from diverse professional and personal backgrounds who combine a broad spectrum of experience and expertise with a reputation for integrity. This assessment ...  

  Simultaneous Service. No director should serve on more than three other public company boards. No member of the Audit Committee should serve on more than two other public company audit committe...  

  Financial Literacy. Directors should know how to read and understand fundamental financial statements and understand the use of financial ratios and information in evaluating the financial perf...  

  Character. Directors should be persons of good character and thus should possess all of the following personal characteristics:  

  Integrity: Directors should demonstrate high ethical standards and integrity in their personal and professional dealings;  

  Accountability: Directors should be willing to be accountable for their decisions as directors;  

  Judgment: Directors should possess the ability to provide wise and thoughtful counsel on a broad range of issues;  


  Responsibility: Directors should interact with each other in a manner which encourages responsible, open, challenging and inspired discussion;  

  High Performance Standards: Directors should have a history of achievements which reflects high standards for themselves and others;  

  Commitment and Enthusiasm: Directors should be committed to, and enthusiastic about, their performance for the Company as directors, both in absolute terms and relative to their peers; and  

  Courage: Directors should possess the courage to express views openly, even in the face of opposition.  

In its discretion, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will also consider recommendations of qualified nominees by stockholders by evaluating the same factors as described above.

In addition to the process described above, our Bylaws permit stockholders to nominate directors for election at an annual meeting of stockholders. To nominate a director, the stockholder must meet certain deadlines established by our Bylaws and provide certain information required by our Bylaws. For a description of the process for nominating directors in accordance with our Bylaws, see “ Stockholder Proposals” in this proxy statement.

Code of Conduct and Ethics and Corporate Governance Guidelines

Our Board has adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics (the “ Code”) that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees and is intended to comply with the relevant listing requirements for a code of conduct as well as qualify as a “code of ethics” as defined by the rules of the SEC. The Code contains general guidelines for conducting our business consistent with the highest standards of business ethics. We intend to disclose future amendments to certain provisions of our Code, or waivers 
of such provisions applicable to any principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controller, or persons performing similar functions, and our directors, on our website at www. phoenixeducationpartners. com. We have Corporate Governance Guidelines that address significant issues of corporate governance and set forth procedures by which our managers and Board carry out their respective responsibilities. These guidelines and the Code are available for 
viewing on our website.

Executive Sessions of Non-Management

The non-managementdirectors of the Company meet in executive sessions without management on a regular basis.

Apollo and Vistria Rights to Nominate Certain Directors

The Apollo Stockholder has the right, at any time until Apollo and its affiliates, including the Apollo Stockholder, no longer beneficially own at least 5% of the voting power of our outstanding Common Stock, to (a) nominate a number of directors comprising a percentage of our Board in accordance with their beneficial ownership of the voting power of our outstanding Common Stock (rounded up to the nearest whole number), except that if Apollo and its affiliates, including the Apollo Stockholder, 
beneficially own more than 50% of the voting power of our outstanding Common Stock, the Apollo Stockholder will have the right to nominate a majority of the directors and (b) designate one member of each committee of the Board (other than the Audit Committee).


Vistria has the right, at any time until the Vistria Stockholder and its affiliates no longer beneficially own at least 5% of the voting power of our outstanding Common Stock, to (a) nominate a number of directors comprising a percentage of our Board in accordance with their beneficial ownership of the voting power of our outstanding Common Stock (rounded up to the nearest whole number), (b) designate one director to the boards of directors (or similar body) of any subsidiary of the Company on 
which any affiliate of the Apollo Stockholder serves as a director or to which the Apollo Stockholder and its affiliates appoint any director and (c) designate one member of each committee of the Board (other than the Audit Committee) to which the Apollo Stockholder and its affiliates appoint any director.

Compensation Risk Assessment

We believe that the performance goals and incentive plan structures generally established under the Company’s executive, annual and long-term incentive programs would not contribute to excessive risk taking by our senior executives or employees. The approved goals under our incentive programs are consistent with our financial operating plans and strategies, and these programs are discussed and reviewed by the Compensation Committee. The Company’s compensation systems reward both short-term and 
long-term performance, and its performance goals are team oriented, rather than individually focused, and include measurable factors and objective criteria. The Compensation Committee is actively engaged in setting compensation systems, monitoring those systems during the year and using discretion in making rewards, as necessary. As a result of the procedures and practices described above, the Compensation Committee believes that the Company’s compensation policies and practices for its 
employees do not encourage risk taking that is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company.

Communications with the Board

Stockholders and other interested parties desiring to communicate directly with the full Board, the Audit Committee, the

non-management

directors as a group or with any individual director or directors may do so by sending such communication in writing, addressed to the attention of the intended recipient(s), c/o Srini Medi, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary, Phoenix Education Partners, Inc., 4035 S. Riverpoint Parkway, Phoenix, AZ 85040. Interested parties may communicate anonymously and/or confidentially if they desire. All communications received that relate to accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters will
be referred to the chair of the Audit Committee unless the communication is otherwise addressed. All other communications received will be forwarded to the appropriate director or directors.

Director Attendance at Annual Meeting

The Company encourages all of our directors to attend each annual meeting of stockholders.

Insider Trading Policy; Prohibition on Hedging

Our Board has



EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

The names of the current executive officers of the Company (and their respective ages as of the date of this proxy statement) are set forth below.

  Name                           Position                               
  Name                           Position                               
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Christopher Lynne      52      Chief Executive Officer and Director   
  Blair Westblom         50      Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  
  Raghu Krishnaiah       59      Chief Operating Officer                
  Srini Medi             57      Chief Legal Officer and Secretary      
  Cheryl Naumann         64      Chief Human Resources Officer          
  John Woods             57      Chief Academic Officer and Provost     

Christopher Lynne

. For the biography of Christopher Lynne, please see “ The Board - Class III Directors.”

Blair Westblom

has served as our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since October 2025 and as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the University since January 2023. While at the University, Ms. Westblom has also held the role of Vice President, Financial Planning & Analysis from 2014 to 2022 and as Director of Finance, with multiple promotions and responsibility expansions, from February 2010 to 2014. Prior to joining the University, Ms. Westblom served in various finance leadership roles in the 
biotechnology industry, including Senior Group Controller, Commercial Finance at Genentech and Associate Director, Finance at Elan Pharmaceuticals. Earlier in her career, Ms. Westblom

served

as Financial Analyst at Thomas Weisel Partners Investment Bank and Analyst at Healthcare Realty Trust. Ms. Westblom holds a B. A. in Economics and a minor in Business Administration from Vanderbilt University.

Raghu Krishnaiah

has served as the Chief Operating Officer of the University since October 2015. Prior to joining the University, Mr. Krishnaiah served as Chief Operating Officer at Western Governors University. Earlier in his career, Mr. Krishnaiah served as Senior Vice President at Kaplan Higher Education Group and has held senior leadership roles in global financial services, management consulting and business services organizations. Mr. Krishnaiah holds both an S. B. in Electrical Engineering and Computer 
Science and an S. M. in Electrical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a M. B. A. from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.

Srini Medi

has served as our Chief Legal Officer and Secretary since October 2025 and as the Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of the University since June 2020. Prior to joining the University, Mr. Medi served in a number of different legal roles at Bisk Education, Inc., including Associate General Counsel from January 2017 to September 2017, General Counsel from October 2017 to January 2019 and Chief Legal Officer from February 2019 to June 2020. Prior to that, Mr. Medi served as 
Associate General Counsel at Vantage Hospitality Group, Inc. (n/k/a Red Lion Hotel Corporation) from January 2016 to December 2017. Earlier in his career, Mr. Medi

worked

for approximately eight years at Kaplan, Inc., where he led their Commercial Transaction team and served as the lead attorney of Kaplan University, a global provider of higher education and education-related services. Mr. Medi began his legal career at various law firms working in the areas of corporate securities, corporate finance, technology, and real estate. Mr. Medi holds a B. B. A in Accounting, a M. B. A and a J. D. from the University of Houston.

Cheryl Naumann

has served as Chief Human Resources Officer of the University since May 2017. Prior to her current role, Ms. Naumann served as Senior Vice President, Human Resources from March 2013 to May 2017.

Prior to joining the University, Ms. Naumann’s roles included Vice President of Human Resources for Apollo Education Group, Inc., the predecessor public company owner of the University, Vice President of Human Resources, North America for Avnet, Inc., and Vice President of Human Resources for the Phoenix Suns and Arizona Diamondbacks. Ms. Naumann holds a B. A. in English and a B. S. in Business Administration from the University of Texas at San Antonio.



John Woods

has served as Chief Academic Officer and Provost of the University since January 2018. Prior to joining the University, Dr. Woods served as Chief Academic Officer of Education Corporation of America Inc. from December 2014 to December 2017. Earlier in his career, Dr. Woods served in several roles, such as Dean, Adjunct Faculty Member and Chief Academic Officer, at various companies that focused on adult education. Dr. Woods holds both a B. A. and a Master of Arts from Carleton University and a 
PhD in Higher Education Administration from Bowling Green State University.

Senior Management

The names of the additional members of senior management of the Company (and their respective ages as of the date of this proxy statement) are set forth below.

  Name                Age              Position                                   
  Name                Age              Position                                   
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Steven Gross                 65      Chief Marketing Officer                    
  Eric Rizzo                   54      Senior Vice President, Government Affairs  
  Jamie L. Smith                5      Chief Information Officer                  
  Ruth Veloria                 57      Chief Strategy and Customer Officer        

Steven Gross

has served as Chief Marketing Officer of the University since August 2019. Prior to joining the University, Mr. Gross served as Chief Executive Officer of Calvert Education from February 2015 to July 2019. Earlier in his career, Mr. Gross served as Divisional Global Chief Marketing Officer at Pearson and he served in several marketing leadership roles at Lexis Nexis, Arch Wireless and Pepsi. Mr. Gross holds a B. A. in Economics and Political Science from State University of New York at Albany 
and an M. B. A. from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.

Eric Rizzo

has served as Senior Vice President, Government Affairs of the University since November 2019. Prior to joining the University, Mr. Rizzo served as Director, Government Affairs at Mizuho Bank Ltd. from December 2017 to November 2019. Earlier in his career, Mr. Rizzo served as Vice President, Government Affairs Officer at Fifth Third Bancorp from June 2011 to November 2017 and Assistant Vice President, Government Affairs at Farmers Insurance Group from April 2002 to May 2011. Mr. Rizzo began his 
public policy career as a legislative aide in the U. S. House of Representatives. Mr. Rizzo holds a B. S. in Marketing and Business Communications from Bentley University.

Jamie L. Smith

has served as Chief Information Officer of the University since April 2018. Prior to joining the University, Mr. Smith served as Chief Information Officer at ServiceMaster Global Holdings from February 2014 to March 2018. Earlier in his career, Mr. Smith served in a variety of roles in leading organizations such as Nissan, IBM and PriceWaterhouseCoopers LLP. Mr. Smith holds a B. A. in

Business

Administration from Iowa State University.

Ruth Veloria

has served as Chief Strategy and Customer Officer of the University since September 2017. While at the University, Ms. Veloria has also held other roles such as Executive Dean, School of Business from September 2014 until September 2017 and Senior Vice President of Student Experience from September 2011 until September 2014. Prior to joining the University, Ms. Veloria served as Chief of Staff to the President and Chief Operating Officer of Apollo Education Group, Inc. from June 2009 to 
September 2011. Earlier in her career, Ms. Veloria served as Vice President, Strategy and Vice President, Call Center Operations for Charles Schwab & Co. and various roles at strategic consulting firms such as Booz Allen and Hamilton and the Boston Consulting Group. Ms. Veloria holds a B. A. in Chemistry from New College at the University of Oxford in the U. K. and a M. B. A in Finance, Marketing and Organizational Behavior from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.

Family Relationships

There are no family relationships among our directors and executive officers.



EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Summary Compensation Table

Our named executive officers (“ NEOs”) for our fiscal year ended

  Christopher Lynne, Chief Executive Officer;  

  Srini Medi, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary; and  

  Blair Westblom, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer.  

The following table provides information regarding the compensation of our NEOs during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2025.

  Name and Principal Position                Fiscal Year                                                                                      
  Christopher Lynne,                                          2025      895,703      3,276,480      1,883,520      4,599,286      10,654,989  
                                                              2024      854,967        472,611      1,712,000        240,757       3,280,335  
  Srini Medi,                                                 2025      427,438      1,565,816        448,372      1,931,308       4,372,934  
  Blair Westblom,                                             2025      443,544      1,603,680        706,320      1,121,157       3,874,701  

  (1)      For fiscal year 2025, the amount shown represents two separate discretionary bonuses paid to each NEO. The first such bonus was paid under The University of Phoenix, Inc. Bonus Plan (the “ Bonu...  
           For fiscal year 2025, the amount shown represents two separate discretionary bonuses paid to each NEO. The first such bonus was paid under The University of Phoenix, Inc. Bonus Plan (the “ Bonu...  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

  (2)      For fiscal year 2025, the amounts shown for each NEO and the amount shown for Mr. Lynne for fiscal year 2024 reflect the annual cash bonuses paid under the Bonus Plan for the fiscal years ended...  
           For fiscal year 2025, the amounts shown for each NEO and the amount shown for Mr. Lynne for fiscal year 2024 reflect the annual cash bonuses paid under the Bonus Plan for the fiscal years ended...  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────



  exceed their respective target; but, from time to time, supplemental performance conditions may be implemented. If such supplemental performance conditions are not achieved, no bonus upside pay...  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The following tables outline the Bonus Plan EBITDA and Bonus Plan Revenue performance objectives and the respective payout multipliers for fiscal year 2025:

                          Below Threshold       Threshold           Target              Maximum         
                          Below Threshold       Threshold           Target              Maximum         
  Bonus Plan EBITDA       < $236.0 million      $236.0 million      $262.2 million      $288.5 million  
  Bonus Plan EBITDA                                                                                     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Payout Multiplier       No payout             50%                 100%                200%            
                          Below Threshold       Threshold           Target              Maximum         
  Bonus Plan Revenue      < $952.7 million      $952.7 million      $972.2 million      $991.6 million  
  Payout Multiplier       No payout             50%                 100%                200%            

Payout percentages are linearly interpolated for performance in between levels. Although the University had not yet completed its

year-end

financial closing process for fiscal year 2025, based on a review of the preliminary financial data, the compensation committee of the board of directors of PEOC determined to pay the bonuses to the NEOs in August 2025 in the amounts set forth in Summary Compensation Table.

  (3)      Amounts under “ All Other Compensation” for fiscal year 2025 consist of the following payments we paid to or on behalf of the NEOs.  

  Name                   Fiscal Year                Dividend Equivalents On Stock Options ($)                     University Match Under 401(k) Plan ($)                      
  Name                   Fiscal Year                (a)                                                           (b)                                                         
                                                    Dividend Equivalents On Stock Options ($)                     University Match Under 401(k) Plan ($)                      
                                                    (a)                                                           (b)                                                         
                                                    (a)                                                           (b)                                                         
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Christopher Lynne                       2025                                                     4,590,703                                                  7,050      108  
  Srini Medi                              2025                                                     1,924,150                                                  7,050      108  
  Blair Westblom                          2025                                                     1,113,999                                                  7,050      108  

  (a)      Represents dividend equivalent payments to holders of stock options, as described below, in respect of University dividends paid with respect to shares of common stock of the University on thre...  
           Represents dividend equivalent payments to holders of stock options, as described below, in respect of University dividends paid with respect to shares of common stock of the University on thre...  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

  (b)      The University provides the NEOs with certain customary retirement and health and welfare benefits, which are in line with those offered to other groups of University employees, and which compr...  

  (c)      Represents payments for the medical subscription plan fee.  

None of our NEOs received grants of any equity awards during the fiscal



Equity Award Grant Practices

Equity awards made to our employees are discretionary and are granted to our NEOs and certain other employees typically on an annual basis. In certain circumstances, including certain new hires, promotions, retention, or other similar activities, the Compensation Committee may approve grants to be effective at other times. The Company did not grant stock options to its employees during the fiscal year that ended August 31, 2025. The Company does
not time
the disclosure of material nonpublic information for the purpose of affecting the value of executive compensation and works with a compensation consultant with respect to the structure of our equity award program and general grant parameters.

2025 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal

Year-End

The following table details the outstanding equity awards held by our NEOs as of August 31, 2025.

                         Option Awards                                                                                       
                                            # of Securities Underlying                                                       
  Name                   Grant Date         Exercisable                                                                      
  Christopher Lynne      11/12/2018                                         115,584                    5.23      11/12/2028  
                         11/17/2021                                                       75,260      11.04      8/31/2026   
                         2/17/2023                                          277,200                   10.61      2/17/2033   
                         2/17/2023                                                       277,200      10.61      8/31/2030   
  Srini Medi             6/22/2020                                           26,972                    8.58      6/22/2030   
                         6/8/2021                                            20,000                   10.90      6/8/2031    
                         11/17/2021                                                       60,052      11.04      8/31/2026   
                         2/17/2023                                          102,669                   10.61      2/17/2033   
                         2/17/2023                                                       102,669      10.61      8/31/2030   
  Blair Westblom         8/30/2017                                           34,680                    3.79      8/30/2027   
                         2/6/2019                                             3,852                    5.23      2/6/2029    
                         11/17/2021                                          19,108                   11.04      11/17/2031  
                         2/17/2023                                           61,602                   10.61      2/17/2033   
                         2/17/2023                                                        61,602      10.61      8/31/2030   

  (1)      Each of the stock option awards was granted under the University of Phoenix, Inc. Management Equity Plan (the “ University Equity Plan”). Awards shown in this column remain subject to applicabl...  

  (2)      All stock option awards were granted with a per share exercise price equal to the fair market value of one share of common stock of University of Phoenix, Inc. on the date of grant. The exercis...  

  (3)      The shares subject to the option become vested and exercisable in full upon the closing date of a Change in Control if the Change in Control occurs on or before August 31, 2026 (the “2026 CIC O...  
           12-month                                                                                                                                                                                              
           anniversary of our initial public offering.                                                                                                                                                           
           12-month                                                                                                                                                                                              
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────


  (4)      The shares subject to the option become vested and exercisable in full upon the closing date of a Change in Control if the Change in Control occurs on or before August 31, 2030 (the “2030 CIC O...  

  (5)      The shares subject to the option become vested and exercisable in full upon the closing date of a Change in Control if the Change in Control occurs on or before August 31, 2026, provided Mr. Me...  

  (6)      The shares subject to the option become vested and exercisable in full upon the closing date of a Change in Control if the Change in Control occurs on or before August 31, 2030, provided Mr. Me...  

  (7)      The shares subject to the option become vested and exercisable in full upon the closing date of a Change in Control if the Change in Control occurs on or before August 31, 2030, provided Ms. We...  

Executive Employment Arrangements

We have not entered into employment agreements with any of the NEOs. The University entered into offer letters with the NEOs in connection with their employment, which generally provide that the NEO will serve as an at-willemployee and will be offered compensation, including base salary, annual bonus target and equity awards, commensurate with his or her position at the University, as well as other benefits, including health and welfare benefits and participation in the University’s 401(k) Plan,
that are offered to employees of the University generally.

Christopher Lynne

In connection with his promotion to President of the University, the University entered into an offer letter with Mr. Lynne on December 15, 2022, which provides for his at-willemployment, an initial annual base salary of $820,000 ($900,000 as of the end of our 2025 fiscal year), a performance bonus opportunity with a target amount equal to 100% of his base salary (120% of his base salary as of the end of our 2025 fiscal year) (up to a maximum payout equal to 200% of his target bonus (240% of his
base salary as of the end of our 2025 fiscal year)), employee benefits and an initial one-yearcash long-term incentive award commensurate with the position of President and to be determined by the University’s board of trustees.

Srini Medi

The University entered into an offer letter with Mr. Medi on May 1, 2020, which provides for his at-willemployment, an initial annual base salary of $320,000 ($428,490 as of the end of our 2025 fiscal year), a performance bonus opportunity with an initial target amount equal to 50% of his base salary (60% of his base salary as of the end of our 2025 fiscal year) (up to a maximum payout equal to 100% of his target bonus (120% of his base salary as of the end of our 2025 fiscal year)), employee 
benefits and an initial long-term equity grant of 26,971 stock options (which was rounded to 26,972 stock options when such grant was made).


Blair Westblom

The University entered into an offer letter with Ms. Westblom on February 14, 2017, which provides for her at-willemployment, an initial annual base salary of $220,000, and a performance bonus opportunity with an initial target amount equal to 35% of her base salary (up to a maximum payout equal to 125% of her target bonus). In connection with her promotion to Chief Financial Officer in March 2023, her annual base salary was increased to $380,000 ($450,000 as of the end of our 2025 fiscal year) 
and her performance bonus opportunity was increased to a target amount equal to 60% of her base salary (90% of her base salary as of the end of our 2025 fiscal year) (up to a maximum payout equal to 200% of her target bonus (180% of her base salary as of the end of our 2025 fiscal year)). In connection with her promotion to Chief Financial Officer, Ms. Westblom also received an additional option grant.

Retention Agreements

The University entered into Retention Agreements with each of the NEOs, which provide for payments in the amount of $3,000,000 for Mr. Lynne, $1,500,000 for Mr. Medi, and $1,500,000 for Ms. Westblom in relation to duties performed for various transactions, of which $2,000,000 (for Mr. Lynne) and $1,000,000 (for Mr. Medi and Ms. Westblom) is subject to a clawback in the event the NEO is terminated for cause or voluntarily resigns prior to August 31, 2027.

Payments upon Termination; Change in Control

Severance Plan

For the fiscal year that ended August 31, 2025, each of our NEOs participated in The University of Phoenix, Inc. Senior Executive Severance Pay Plan, as Amended and Restated Effective May 17, 2023 (the “ Severance Plan”). The Severance Plan provides that each NEO is entitled to the following payments or benefits upon a termination by the University other than a “termination with cause” or due to the NEO’s death or disability.

  Cash severance equal to:  

  in the case of Mr. Lynne, (a) 18 months’ base salary plus (b) one times the average of the annual bonuses earned by the NEO for the three fiscal years immediately preceding the year in which in...  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

  in the case of Mr. Medi and Ms. Westblom, (a) 12 months’ salary plus (b) 50% of the NEO’s Average Annual Bonus, to be paid in a series of substantially equal payments over 12 months.  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

  To the extent an NEO participated in our health care plans prior to the NEO’s termination, a lump sum payment in an amount equal to the premium cost of continued health, dental and vision cover...  

  Outplacement services, as determined by the Severance Plan administrator.  

Receipt of the payments and benefits under the Severance Plan is subject to the NEO’s timely execution, delivery and non-revocationof a complete and permanent general release of all claims against the University and its affiliates and related parties, which also includes certain confidentiality, non-solicitation, non-disparagementand non-competecovenants.

For purposes of the Severance Plan, a “termination for cause” generally means a termination that is the result of (i) repeated dereliction of the material duties and responsibilities of the NEO’s position with the University; (ii) misconduct, insubordination or failure to comply with University policies governing employee conduct and procedures; (iii) excessive lateness or absenteeism; (iv) conviction of or pleading guilty or nolo


contendereto any felony involving theft, embezzlement, dishonesty or moral turpitude; (v) commission of any act of fraud against, or the misappropriation of property belonging to, the University; (vi) commission of any act of dishonesty in connection with the NEO’s responsibilities as an employee that is intended to result in the NEO’s personal enrichment or the personal enrichment of the NEO’s family or others; (vii) any other misconduct adversely affecting the business or affairs of the 
University; or (viii) a material breach of any agreement the NEO may have at the time with the University, including (without limitation) any proprietary information, non-disclosureor confidentiality agreement.

In addition, an NEO will not be entitled to severance payments or benefits under the Severance Plan if the NEO fails to accept an alternate position offered by the University if (i) the principal place of employment for such alternate position is less than 25 miles from the NEO’s former principal place of employment with the University; (ii) the NEO’s base pay and annual bonus opportunity in the alternate position are not less than 90% of the NEO’s base pay and annual bonus opportunity, as 
applicable, in the former position with the University; or (iii) the Severance Plan administrator has determined, in its sole discretion prior to the time the NEO is offered the alternate position, that the alternate position will not result in a material reduction in the NEO’s duties and responsibilities.

  Name                   Benefit                                                              
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  Christopher Lynne      Cash Severance           2,489,691      (1)                          
                         COBRA Premium               35,224      (2)                          
                         Outplacement                 5,200      (3)                          
                         Equity Acceleration                              7,506,758      (4)  
  Srini Medi             Cash Severance             612,199      (1)                          
                         COBRA Premium               26,405      (2)                          
                         Outplacement                 5,200      (3)                          
                         Equity Acceleration                              3,454,780      (4)  
  Blair Westblom         Cash Severance             612,594      (1)                          
                         COBRA Premium                6,310      (2)                          
                         Outplacement                 5,200      (3)                          
                         Equity Acceleration                              1,317,667      (4)  

  (1)      Represents an amount equal to the product of (a) 12 months (18 months for Mr. Lynne) of the executive’s annual base salary, plus (b) the average annual bonus amount for the three prior fiscal y...  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

  (2)      Represents an amount equal to the product of (a) the amount of monthly premiums of the executive’s group health plan, including coverage for the participant’s eligible dependents, if any, that ...  

  (3)      Represents outplacement benefits determined by the Plan Administrator pursuant to the Severance Plan. Amounts assume $5,200 worth of outplacement services.  

  (4)      Amounts reflect the intrinsic value of unvested stock options on August 31, 2025 that would be subject to accelerated vesting upon a change in control that occurs on August 31, 2025, based on t...  


Equity Awards

Equity awards held by the NEOs are eligible for vesting acceleration pursuant to the applicable grant agreements. Upon a change in control, any time-based awards will accelerate and vest and become exercisable, and any performance goals for (i) the fiscal year in which the change in control occurs and (ii) any future years for which the option is eligible to vest will be deemed met and the corresponding portion of such performance-based awards will vest and become exercisable. For this purpose, 
if an NEO’s employment terminates for any reason other than (x) by the University or any of its affiliates for cause or (y) by the NEO for any reason, and the closing date of the change in control occurs during the 90 day period immediately following such date of termination, then immediately prior to such change in control, the options shall vest or terminate, as applicable, in accordance with the vesting terms of the options as if the NEO had remained employed through such closing date. In 
addition, if a change in control occurs after the end of a given fiscal year but prior to the committee’s (which may be the board of trustees of the Univ

[Proxy truncated]