Item 1.    Business

Overview

Consensus Cloud Solutions, Inc., together with its subsidiaries (“Consensus Cloud Solutions”, “Consensus”, the “Company”, “our”, “us” or “we”), is a provider of secure information delivery services. With our most prominent brand eFax® established over twenty-five years ago, Consensus has now evolved the service platform from pure cloud Fax to efficient and secure information exchange featuring solutions for data extraction, comprehension and transformation, facilitating interoperability and process improvement. Consensus is committed to security and compliance in data exchange, and our scalable Software-as-a-Service (“SaaS”) platform is particularly attractive to regulated industries like healthcare and healthcare technology, public sector, financial services, law, and education. We offer local phone numbers in 46 countries and/or territories, servicing approximately 703 thousand customers ranging from small businesses to large enterprises and the federal government. Each customer cohort has unique needs and engagement preferences, and our go-to-market and customer service offerings are adapted across this continuum to serve each appropriately. Our top 10 customers represent approximately $33 million or 9% of total revenues.

Over the past decade, Consensus has increasingly focused on larger commercial customers (“Corporate”) and public sector customers. This shift occurred as enterprise data communication moved toward digitization and cloud-based solutions. Sales to these customers are made through e-commerce and direct interaction with a salesperson, and often involve specific pricing, multiple line subscriptions, API connections, and/or commercial grade security. Sales channels include e-commerce, direct sales and sales through or referred by channel and strategic partners. 

Our Corporate business has grown from $170 million of revenue in 2021 to approximately $223 million of revenue in 2025, representing a 7% compound annual growth rate. We currently serve approximately 65 thousand Corporate customers, ranging from small/medium businesses to large enterprises and government agencies. Our sales are primarily made through direct interaction with a salesperson and involve specific pricing and customer features such as but not limited to multiple line subscriptions, API connections and enhanced security features.

We currently serve approximately 638 thousand small office/home office (“SoHo”) online fax customers. Approximately 78% of our SoHo base have been customers for more than two years. 

Healthcare represents Consensus’ largest industry vertical and has information, secure communication, management and interoperability needs. In addition to the offerings discussed above, Consensus has several product offerings that are specific to the healthcare industry. 

We believe our leadership in digital cloud fax, intelligent data extraction, HL7, FHIR and our deep domain knowledge and experience in the healthcare industry positions Consensus well to help healthcare providers accomplish their broader digitization and interoperability objectives. 

Our focused strategy on achieving an industry leading security and compliance posture has been a critical driver of growth in our Corporate and healthcare-focused businesses over the past several years and we have strategically invested in people, processes, and tools to this effect. Our key accomplishments include becoming the first Health Information Trust Alliance (“HITRUST”) certified digital cloud fax provider and the first Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (“FedRAMP”) authorized cloud fax provider. These efforts have made it possible for us to service the Public Sector and other heavily regulated industries.

Our Products and Solutions

Corporate Solutions

eFax Corporate®: eFax Corporate® is a global online faxing service with customers worldwide. It provides digital cloud fax technology, enabling users to send, receive and manage faxes digitally through multiple user interfaces or seamlessly integrated in their application through a robust API. In addition to eFax Corporate®, we offer corporate fax services under a variety of brands, including but not limited to MyFax®, Sfax®, and SRFax®.

-3-

ECFax®: ECFax® is comparable to eFax Corporate® in its features and use cases but is specifically developed for use by public sector customers with extremely high security demands. ECFax® is a SaaS offering authorized at the FedRAMP High Impact level operating in a government cloud environment. 

eFax UniteTM: eFax UniteTM is a single platform that allows the user to choose between several protocols to send and receive healthcare information in an environment that can integrate into an existing electronic health record (“EHR”) system or stand-alone if no EHR is present.

jSign®: jSign® provides electronic signature and digital signature solutions to businesses, offering document markup and end-user signing services via mobile-aware web application and enterprise API.

eFax Conductor: eFax Conductor is a robust interface engine and complete interoperability platform that provides seamless integration technology supporting the latest standards for connectivity and data formats (API/FHIR, HL7, Direct Secure Messaging, web services, message queues, etc.), addressing a wide range of interoperability challenges from the simple to the extremely complex.

eFax Clarity: Using Natural Language Processing and Artificial Intelligence (“NLP/AI”), the eFax Clarity platform can transform unstructured documents originating in fax transmissions, scans or other technologies into structured actionable data. eFax Clarity’s intelligent data extraction allows data to be sent to the right person, at the right place, at the right time - to accelerate patient treatment across the continuum of care. Additionally, our pre-packaged applications of Clarity – Clarity Clinical Documentation™ and Clarity Prior Authorization™ – tackle specific data extraction challenges in the healthcare industry.

SoHo Fax Solutions

We also cater to individuals and small businesses with predefined subscriptions and e-commerce convenience through our small office/home office (“SoHo”) online brands, including but not limited to eFax®, our global online faxing servicing customers worldwide, jSign®, MyFax®, SFax®, MetroFax®, SRFax® and multiple others.

Our Strengths

Building on our position as a global provider of internet fax solutions from individuals to enterprises and across industries, Consensus is well positioned to capitalize on shifts in how we share private documents and information. We believe that our key strengths and competitive advantages include:

Differentiated Product Offering Based on Scalable SaaS Platform. Our scalable and highly customizable technology infrastructure supports the transmission of a large number of documents each year. Due to our scale and capabilities, we have differentiated visibility into the trends that affect the way our customers transmit, store and manage information.

Robust Security and Compliance Program. Our extensive focus on security and compliance is a significant and unique enabler in our effort to service customers in heavily regulated industries with sensitive and mission-critical communications requirements, such as the Public Sector and those in Healthcare, Financial Services, Legal, and Manufacturing. 

Position in the Growing Enterprise Cloud Fax Market. We believe our status in the enterprise cloud fax space provides Consensus with an opportunity for organic growth and the potential to explore acquisitions that are value accretive and enhance our scale and geographic diversity.

Positioned to Support Healthcare Interoperability. Because fax remains a ubiquitous electronic document exchange protocol for highly sensitive and legally binding documents, Consensus is in the healthcare communication ecosystem and our goal is to build on that foundation to become a participant in the larger healthcare interoperability solutions space.

Recurring Revenue Stream. Our revenues consist of monthly recurring subscription and usage-based fees, with monthly recurring subscription revenue representing approximately 67% of our total subscription revenue for 2025. Our cancellation rates have remained relatively steady over time, and we expect this trend to continue into the future given that many of the services we provide are critical to our customers’ business operations.

-4-

Global and Diversified Customer Base. Our customers are located globally across five continents. We believe that our product-line and geographic diversity, combined with our lack of customer concentration, will help us mitigate the effects of isolated downturns in various end markets.

Operational Efficiency and Capital Discipline. The recurring nature of our revenue, combined with high operational efficiency, results in predictable and attractive margins and free cash flow generation. As we evaluate growth investments and expansion into new verticals, we will measure against metrics and parameters that promote efficient and prudent use of capital to generate sustained shareholder value.

Proven and Experienced Management Team. Our experienced management team has a highly successful track record with regard to both business performance among its industry peer group, growing new business lines and identifying and integrating strategic acquisitions.

Our Strategy

Our strategy focuses on generating attractive organic growth, achieving solid margins and free cash flow generation, pursuing value-accretive acquisitions and delivering high value to our shareholders. Our strategy includes:

• Continuing to grow in Corporate secure information exchange;

• Providing healthcare interoperability solutions;

• Optimizing eCommerce (SoHo) revenue streams;

• Leveraging our technology to enter new markets (e.g., government);

• Positioning the business for sustained growth through continued focus on profitability and cash flow generation; 

• Focused investments in our products and capabilities; and

• Complementing organic growth investments with targeted acquisitions.

Patents and Proprietary Rights

We regard the protection of our intellectual property rights as important to our success. We aggressively protect these rights by relying on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade dress and trade secrets. We also enter into confidentiality and intellectual property assignment agreements with employees and contractors, and nondisclosure agreements with parties with whom we conduct business in order to limit access to and disclosure of our proprietary information.

Through a combination of internal technology development and acquisitions, we have built a portfolio of numerous U.S. and foreign patents. Several of our U.S. patents have been reaffirmed through reexamination proceedings before the United States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”). We intend to continue to invest in patents, to aggressively protect our patent assets from unauthorized use and to generate patent licensing revenues from authorized users.

We seek patents for inventions that may contribute to our business or technology sector. In addition, we have multiple pending U.S. and foreign patent applications, covering components of our technology and in some cases technologies beyond those that we currently offer. Unless and until patents are issued on the pending applications, no patent rights can be enforced. 

We have obtained patent licenses for certain technologies where such licenses are necessary or advantageous.

We own and use a number of trademarks in connection with our services. Many of these trademarks are registered worldwide, and numerous trademark applications are pending around the world. We hold numerous internet domain names and we have filed to protect our rights to our brands in certain alternative top-level domains such as “.org”, “.net”, “.biz”, “.info” and “.us”, among others.

Like other technology-based businesses, we face the risk that we will be unable to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights and the risk that we will be found to have infringed the proprietary rights of others. For more 

-5-

information regarding these risks, please refer to the section entitled Risk Factors contained in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Government Regulation

We are subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business over the internet and, in some cases, using services of third-party telecommunications and internet service providers. These include, among others, laws and regulations addressing privacy, data storage, retention and security, freedom of expression, content, use of artificial intelligence, taxation, fax numbers, advertising and intellectual property. For information about the regulations to which we are subject and the risks we face with respect to governmental regulation, please see Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Risk Factors.

Seasonality

General economic conditions have an impact on our business and financial results. From time to time, the markets in which we sell our products, services and solutions experience weak economic conditions that may negatively affect sales. We traditionally experience marginally lower than average usage and customer sign-ups in the fourth quarter. Our revenues are also impacted by the number of effective business days in a given period.

Research and Development

The markets for our services are evolving rapidly, requiring ongoing expenditures for research and development and timely introduction of new services and service enhancements. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to enhance our current services, to respond effectively to technological changes, attract and retain engineering talent, sell additional services to our existing customer base and introduce new services and technologies that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our customers.

We devote significant resources to develop new services and service enhancements. For more information regarding the technological risks that we face, please refer to the section entitled Risk Factors contained in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. None of our employees are represented by collective bargaining.

Human Capital Resources

As of December 31, 2025, we had 520 employees, with just less than one-quarter of the employees located outside of the United States. Our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate our highly qualified workforce is very important to our continued success.

Our Culture

We have a strong enterprise-wide culture that focuses on our core values – strive for excellence, demonstrate empathy, embrace innovation, foster open communication, focus on solutions, and be driven by data as we make decisions, and in turn, deliver solid business results. Our mission is to be the trusted global source for the transformation, enhancement and secure exchange of digital information. Our vision is to deliver life’s essential data when, where and how you need it.

Our cloud fax users and employees are diverse. We recognize that each employee’s unique experiences, perspectives and viewpoints add value to our ability to create and deliver the most innovative work environment for our employees and the best possible service to our diverse customers. To this effect, we promote and implement training to foster a respectful, collaborative, and professional workplace environment where each employee feels they can contribute to the overall success of the Company.

We reinforce our culture and our values by seeking out qualified candidates who align well with our organizational priorities and values. We continue to evolve our programs to meet our colleagues’ health and wellness needs, which we believe are essential to attract and retain employees of the highest caliber, and we offer a competitive benefits package focused on fostering work/life integration.

-6-

Employee Compensation & Benefits

Compensation is an important consideration for all of our employees and we strive to pay competitive compensation packages that reflect the success of the business and the individual contributions of each colleague. We are committed to fair pay practices and roles are periodically benchmarked to help inform where adjustments may be needed.

We provide our employees with benefits we believe will optimize the talent critical for our success and promote day to day well-being. Our benefits include comprehensive health insurance coverage covering 85% of health insurance premiums for covered U.S. employees and their families, an employee stock purchase program, share based compensation, flexible time off, sick time off, up to 6 weeks of paid pregnancy leave, up to 10 weeks of paid parental leave and 24 hours annually of fully paid volunteer time off. 

Competition

We face competition from, among others, online fax providers, traditional fax machine or multifunction printer companies, electronic signature companies, healthcare interface companies, health information service providers and robotic process automation companies.  

Our solutions relate to online faxing and compete primarily against traditional fax machine manufacturers, which are generally large and well-established companies, as well as publicly traded and privately-held providers of fax servers and related software and outsourced fax services. Some of these companies may have greater financial and other resources than we do.

As we pursue our expansion into expanded secure information delivery services and healthcare interoperability services, we compete against other providers of secure information delivery services, including providers of electronic signature solutions.

We believe that the primary competitive factors determining our success in the market for our services include: financial strength and stability; pricing; reputation for reliability and security of service; breadth and depth of product functionality; intellectual property ownership; effectiveness of customer support; sign-up, service and software ease-of-use; service scalability; customer messaging and branding; geographic coverage; scope of services; currency and payment method acceptance; and local language sales, messaging and support.

For more information regarding the competition that we face, see “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and our competitors may have greater resources to commit to growth, superior technologies, cheaper pricing or more effective marketing strategies. Also, we face significant competition for users, developers and distributors”.

Consensus Cloud Solutions, Inc. Spin-Off

On October 7, 2021, we completed a spin-off from our former parent company, J2 Global, Inc. (now known as “Ziff Davis, Inc.”). We refer to the transactions that resulted in the separation of Consensus and Ziff Davis into two separate publicly traded companies as the “Spin-Off” or “separation and distribution”. Ziff Davis has sold, or otherwise disposed of, its shares of Consensus capital stock, reducing its beneficial ownership in the Company to zero as of December 31, 2025 and 2024.

-7-

Available Information

We file Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Such reports and other information and amendments thereto filed or furnished by the Company with the SEC are available free of charge on the Company’s website at www.consensus.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such reports with, or furnish them to, the SEC’s website. The information on our website is not part of this report. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding our filings we file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Our Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our directors and employees. The Code is posted on the corporate governance page of Consensus’ website and can be accessed at http://investor.consensus.com. Any changes to or waiver of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for senior financial officers, executive officers or directors will be posted on that website, to the extent required under Nasdaq or SEC rules.

-8-